2024  
Annual Report
--- PAGE 1 END ---
2024 was a year of resilience  
and fortitude for U. S. Steel. 
Our business demonstrated that the investments 
in our facilities, cost efficiencies implemented 
throughout our enterprise and diversification of 
commercial strategy made over the last several years 
are transforming our business to one that is less 
vulnerable to the volatility of the market. The domestic 
steel industry faced a continually declining pricing 
environment and market demand fluctuations. 
Construction projects across the industry saw 
continued supply chain and inflationary pressures. 
U. S. Steel was not immune from these challenges, but 
despite them all, delivered solid financial performance, 
kept our commitments to prioritize safety and the 
environment, and provided quality products and 
service for our customers. Our North American Flat 
Rolled segment operations performed well and 
responded quickly to challenges, resulting in limited 
unplanned outage time and significantly improved 
performance relative to competitors in EBITDA 
margins. We also achieved significant milestones in 
our execution of key strategic investments at Big River 
Steel, while continuing to run our mini mill business 
successfully. Our European and Tubular segments 
faced more challenging market conditions, including 
from ongoing geopolitical influences, but still achieved 
profitable returns to the business. Through it all, we 
remained focused on our core values and business 
imperatives to deliver for our stakeholders.
Safety Leadership and  
Environmental Stewardship 
Safety has always come first at U. S. Steel and always 
will. In 2024, we achieved 0.06 OSHA Days Away 
from Work rate across the enterprise, meaningfully 
better than all industry benchmarks and reinforcing 
our leadership in this regard. Our performance 
demonstrates our clear focus on our employees’ well-
being and demanding accountability from everyone 
in our facilities to follow safety protocols, implement 
preventative measures and take an active role in 
ensuring everyone goes home safely each day. 
Likewise, we elevated our environmental compliance 
and performance to the same high standards, as 
we know that as a good corporate citizen, we take 
seriously our responsibility for our impact on the 
communities in which we operate. 
This focus was recognized by ResponsibleSteel
™, which 
awarded U. S. Steel the world’s first-ever certification 
for ResponsibleSteel Certified Steel at Big River. 
ResponsibleSteel is a global multistakeholder standards 
and certification initiative for the steel industry that 
incorporates environmental, social and governance 
requirements (including responsible sourcing and 
decarbonization) into their certification standards. 
Executing on Strategic Projects 
Since 2021, we have been on a path of investing for 
the future, in new technologies and capabilities at our 
Keetac mines and Big River Steel Works. In 2024, we 
saw the completion of many of these projects, and 
are beginning to reap the benefits of these long-term, 
significant investments. 
The direct-reduced-grade pellet investment at Keetac 
is a feedstock for the future, enhancing our mining 
assets to serve as an input to lower-carbon and high-
quality steel production. 
Our dual Galvalume® / Galvanized coating line (CGL2) 
at Big River is a highly efficient and flexible finishing 
line, enabling us to serve diverse end markets with 
high-quality steel products for specific needs. 
Big River 2 (BR2), our largest investment in a state-
of-the-art mini mill, successfully produced its first coil 
in October 2024, and first shipments to customers 
A Message from Our  
President & Chief 
Executive Officer
01
U. S. STEEL   |   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
--- PAGE 2 END ---
occurred during the fourth quarter. BR2 is one of the 
world’s most technologically advanced steel mills, and 
will fully ramp up production and earnings generation 
in 2025. 
Supporting an Ethical and  
Principled Culture 
All of our work at U. S. Steel is grounded in our ethical 
culture, embodied by our Code of Ethical Business 
Conduct and S.T.E.E.L. Principles. In 2024, we 
achieved our third year of recognition from Ethisphere 
as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies®.
We recognize that creating a workplace where 
the best talent thrives strengthens our workplace 
community, drives innovation, increases productivity 
and fuels growth. We do this in many different ways 
across the enterprise. For example, we provide 
opportunities for leadership training and development 
across the organization. We also support our eight 
employee resource groups that foster community and 
affinity for our common values across our workforce.
Nippon Steel Merger 
All of our successes described above, and more, 
were achieved against the backdrop of the pending 
merger with Nippon Steel. The transaction has faced 
an unprecedented level of political and competitor 
interference. But we remain steadfast in our belief that 
the merger represents an extraordinary opportunity  
for our employees, customers, company and country 
to enhance economic and national security. And we 
will continue to fight for its completion because it’s  
the right thing to do.
1 
1. For the latest developments on the U. S. Steel / Nippon 
Steel merger, please refer to our filings with the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission and our deal website  
www.bestdealforamericansteel.com .
Closing 
We are extraordinarily grateful to all of our stakeholders —  
stockholders, customers, suppliers and especially our 
employees. I am confident that 2025 will be another 
successful year, and we will rise to any challenge that 
comes our way. 
Now let’s get back to work … safely. 
David B. Burritt
$384M
Net earnings of $384 million  
or $1.57 per diluted share
0.06 DAFW
OSHA Days Away from Work 
performance of 0.06 days  
across the enterprise
$3.6B
Year-end liquidity of $3.6 billion, 
including $1.4 billion of cash
$1.366B
Adjusted EBITDA of 
$1.366 billion
02
U. S. STEEL   |   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
--- PAGE 3 END ---
Business 
Overview
Founded in 1901, U. S. Steel is 
a leading steel producer. With 
an unwavering focus on safety, 
the Company’s customer-centric 
strategy is advancing a more 
secure, sustainable future for  
U. S. Steel and our stakeholders. 
We are executing on our strategy 
by investing where we have 
distinct cost and capability 
advantages to be a steel solutions 
provider for our customers.
By offering the sustainable 
steels that our customers are 
increasingly demanding, we are 
achieving competitive positioning 
in strategic, high-margin end 
markets, and delivering high-
quality, value-added products 
and innovative solutions utilizing 
a lower carbon footprint than 
previously only available through 
the traditional integrated 
steelmaking model.
13.2M
North American Flat-Rolled
6.3M
Mini Mill
5.0M
Europe
0.9M
Tubular
Annual Raw Steel Production Capability (net tons)
25.4M
See our ESG Data Hub 
at www.ussteel.com/
sustainability/esg-data-hub  
for more information on our 
ESG performance
Automotive & Transportation
Construction
Containers & Packaging
Appliances & Electrical Equipment
Service Centers/Further Conversion
Oil, Gas & Petrochemicals
Customer Markets We Serve
03
U. S. STEEL   |   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
--- PAGE 4 END ---
For the third year in a row, we have 
been recognized as one of the World’s 
Most Ethical Companies® by Ethisphere. 
This award recognizes companies 
based on an assessment of culture, 
environmental and social practices, 
ethics and compliance, governance,  
and leadership and reputation.
Named as one of the 2024 Best Places 
to Work for Disability Inclusion.
Named a Best for Vets 2024 Employer 
by Military Times, ranking 98th out of 
237 organizations.
BR2 — First Coil
Big River 2 (BR2), our new mini mill facility located on the Big 
River Steel Works campus, consisting of two electric arc furnaces 
(EAFs), with 3 million tons of capacity each year, produced its 
first coil in October 2024. This facility includes the first of its kind 
in North America endless casting and rolling line, capable of 
producing lighter and wider gauges of steel, ideal for automotive 
and industrial customers. This facility produces steel with lower 
carbon emission intensity than our other facilities.
ResponsibleSteel™ Certified
U. S. Steel is excited to be the first steel 
company in the world to qualify to  
sell its products as ResponsibleSteel 
Certified Steel at its Big River facility in Osceola, Arkansas.  
Big River received the first ResponsibleSteel Site Certification 
in North America in 2022 and is once again at the forefront of 
innovation by achieving certification for sustainably sourced  
and manufactured steel.
Workplace Recognitions
Our stakeholders, including our customers, investors, employees 
and the communities where we work and live, demand these 
solutions, and we continue to deliver with our transformative 
strategic execution. In 2024, we received recognition from 
several organizations for our values-based workplace, including 
those noted here. 
Sustainability is Our Strategy
Our strategy to provide customers with profitable steel solutions for  
people and planet is focused on developing quality products and customer 
process solutions by investing where we have distinct cost or capability 
competitive advantages. We are expanding our competitive advantages to 
enhance our earnings profile, deliver long-term cash flow through industry 
cycles and reduce our cost, capital and carbon intensity. By offering the 
product capabilities, including the more sustainable steels (steels made 
with lower greenhouse gas emissions) our customers are increasingly 
demanding, we can achieve more competitive positioning in strategic, 
high-margin end markets, deliver high-quality, sustainable, value-added 
products and innovative solutions, and support the energy transition.
04
U. S. STEEL   |   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
--- PAGE 5 END ---
2
3
1
4
5
Contribution Highlights
Alabama – Fairfield Tubular contributed 
to Friends of CASA (Court Appointed 
Special Advocates) to provide trained 
volunteers for abused and neglected 
children in Jefferson County, AL, to help 
them thrive in safe homes.
Arkansas – Big River Steel contributed 
to the Osceola Heritage MusicFest, a 
two-day festival held for over 20 years 
in downtown Osceola. The event offers 
music, food and games, attracting visitors 
from across the state and beyond to this 
community near our operations.
Indiana – Gary Works contributed to Save 
the Dunes to combat invasive species 
threatening native plants and wildlife in 
Northwest Indiana. We aim to collaborate 
with them to also remove invasive species 
on our adjacent properties.
Illinois – Granite City Works contributed 
to a Universal Playground, designed to be 
accessible for children of all abilities. The 
Granite City Park District is committed to 
creating inclusive play spaces for every child.
1
2
3
4
5 Michigan – Great Lakes Works employees 
were part of a nationwide volunteer event 
partnering with Feeding America local food 
banks. Through packaging, sorting and 
distributing food, we packed over 150,000 
lbs helping 25,000+ people, a meaningful 
impact, aiding underrepresented groups 
in need.
Supporting Our 
Communities
At U. S. Steel we are deeply committed to positively 
impacting the communities where we live and work 
across our enterprise locations. In 2024, U. S. Steel 
directed ~$7.7 million to more than 150 organizations, 
scholarships, events and programs through our 
Community Engagement Committee and company 
partnerships including ~$2.7 million in contributions 
provided to local community efforts at our Košice, 
Slovakia facility. We support efforts that align with our 
values in five key areas: Health & Safety, Parks & Public 
Spaces, Education, Community Programs and Helping 
Hand. These efforts advance safety, help enhance 
quality of life and promote environmental stewardship.
05
U. S. STEEL   |   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
--- PAGE 6 END ---
9
7
6
8
In addition to meaningful contributions, our 
partnerships have strengthened impactful 
community ties, exemplified by the Reading 
Champions program, launched by U. S. Steel 
and the Pittsburgh Penguins Foundation. 
In 2024, the program expanded to the 
Rock Ridge School near our Minnesota Ore 
Operations after the program demonstrated 
a 20% improvement in 3rd graders’ reading 
proficiency in Pennsylvania’s Mon Valley 
Schools. Community engagement is a core 
part of our strategy, as we understand that 
when our communities thrive, we all benefit.
6
7
8
9
Minnesota – Minnesota Ore Operations 
contributed to United Way of Northeastern 
Minnesota in Keewatin, MN, in partnership 
with Itasca County Habitat for Humanity, 
where volunteers completed over 22 
projects for local residents and businesses.
Pennsylvania – Mon Valley Works 
contributed to renovations of the 
Woodland Hills High School Fitness 
Center, benefiting over 1,000 athletes, 
staff, alumni and youth programs. The 
funds will cover equipment upgrades, 
facility improvements, rebranding and  
a safety/maintenance plan.
Texas – Houston Tubular assisted 
with PawPact Rescue vetting incoming 
animals, the ability to take on more 
animals, funding for medical supplies  
and spay/neuter services.
Slovakia – USSK contributed to local 
community programs that focused on 
children, families and those in need.
Supporting Our 
Communities
06
U. S. STEEL   |   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
--- PAGE 7 END ---
Tracy A. Atkinson 
Retired Executive 
Vice President & Chief 
Administrative Officer, 
State Street Corporation
Andrea J. Ayers 
Retired President & CEO, 
Convergys Corporation
David B. Burritt 
President & Chief Executive 
Officer,  
United States Steel 
Corporation
Alicia J. Davis 
Chief Strategy Officer, 
Lear Corporation
Terry L. Dunlap 
Principal, Sweetwater LLC
John J. Engel 
Chairman & President, CEO, 
WESCO International, Inc.
John V. Faraci 
Retired Chairman & 
Chief Executive Officer, 
International Paper
Murry S. Gerber 
Retired Chairman & CEO, 
EQT Corporation
Paul A. Mascarenas 
Retired Chief Technical 
Officer & Vice President,  
Ford Motor Company
Michael H. McGarry 
Retired Chairman and CEO, 
PPG
David S. Sutherland 
(Independent Board Chair)  
Retired President and CEO, 
IPSCO, Inc.
Patricia A. Tracey 
Retired Vice President, 
Homeland Security & 
Defense Services,  
HP Corporate Information
David B. Burritt 
President & Chief Executive 
Officer
Daniel R. Brown 
Senior Vice President of 
Advanced Technology 
Steelmaking & Chief 
Operating Officer of  
Big River Steel Works
James E. Bruno 
Senior Vice President – 
Business Development & 
President, U. S. Steel Košice
Scott D. Buckiso 
Senior Vice President & 
Chief Manufacturing Officer 
North American Flat-Rolled 
Segment
Tara A. Carraro 
Senior Vice President & 
Chief Communications 
Officer
Christian J. Gianni 
Senior Vice President & 
Chief Technology Officer
John T. Gordon 
Senior Vice President,  
Raw Materials &  
Sustainable Resources
Jessica T. Graziano 
Senior Vice President & 
Chief Financial Officer
Manpreet S. Grewal
 
Vice President & Controller
Duane D. Holloway 
Senior Vice President, 
General Counsel & Chief 
Ethics & Compliance Officer
Executive Leadership
Board of Directors
U. S. Steel Leadership Team
07
U. S. STEEL   |   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
--- PAGE 8 END ---
Design by Sia/Addison: addison.com
Corporate Headquarters
600 Grant Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15219
Transfer Agent
EQ Shareowner Services, 1110 Centre Pointe Curve Suite 101, 
Mendota Heights, MN 55120-4100 
Phone: (866) 443-4801, shareowneronline.com
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Pittsburgh, PA
Stock Exchange Information
United States Steel Corporation’s stock 
symbol is “X.” The stock is listed on the  
New York Stock Exchange (Principal Exchange) 
and the Chicago Stock Exchange.
Investor Relations
Emily Chieng, General Manager – Investor Relations Officer 
Phone: (412) 618-9554, Email: ecchieng@uss.com
Corporate Communications
Tara Carraro, Senior Vice President & Chief Communications 
Officer; Email: tcarraro@uss.com
Amanda Malkowski, Lead, Media Relations  
Phone: (412) 433-2512, Email: almalkowski@uss.com
Corporate Information
Legal Disclaimer:  We present adjusted net earnings, adjusted net earnings per diluted share, 
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA), adjusted EBITDA 
and adjusted EBITDA margin, which are non-GAAP measures, as additional measurements 
to enhance the understanding of our operating performance. We believe that EBITDA, 
considered along with net earnings, is a relevant indicator of trends relating to our operating 
performance and provides management and investors with additional information for 
comparison of our operating results to the operating results of other companies. Please refer 
to the Forward-looking Statements and the non-GAAP Financial Measures section of our 4Q 
2024 Earnings Release, dated January 30, 2025 for the reconciliations of adjusted EBITDA. 
The inclusion of information in this presentation should not be construed as a characterization 
regarding the materiality or financial impact (or potential impact) of that information or 
confirmation or other expectation that the actions described in this presentation (or related 
capital investments) will be taken within the time frame described, or at all.
08
U. S. STEEL   |   2024 ANNUAL REPORT
--- PAGE 9 END ---
Corporate Headquarters
600 Grant Street 
Pittsburgh, PA 15219
(412) 433-1121 
ussteel.com
--- PAGE 10 END ---
2024
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K 
(Mark One)
 ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2024 
Or
 ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from                      to                     .
Commission file number 1-16811 
United States Steel Corporation 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware 25-1897152
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
600 Grant Street, Pittsburgh, PA 15219-2800 
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (412) 433-1121 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Exchange on which Registered
United States Steel Corporation Common Stock, par value $1.00 X New York Stock Exchange
United States Steel Corporation Common Stock, par value $1.00 X Chicago Stock Exchange
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes   ☑   No    
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes        No     ☑    
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during 
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements 
for the past 90 days.  Yes     ☑     No             
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of 
Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such 
files).  Yes     ☑     No             
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an 
emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in 
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
Large accelerated filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reporting company ☐ Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any 
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control 
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued 
its audit report. ☑
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing 
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received 
by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).   Yes ☐ No ☒
Aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2024, (the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed 
second fiscal quarter): $8.5 billion. The amount shown is based on the closing price of the registrant’s Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange 
composite tape on that date. Shares of Common Stock held by executive officers and directors of the registrant are not included in the computation. However, 
the registrant has made no determination that such individuals are “affiliates” within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933.
There were 225,216,524 shares of United States Steel Corporation Common Stock outstanding as of January 27, 2025.
Documents Incorporated By Reference:
Portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated into Part III.
--- PAGE 11 END ---
INDEX
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 3
PART I
Item 1. BUSINESS 4
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 23
Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 34
Item 1C. CYBERSECURITY 34
Item 2. PROPERTIES 36
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 41
Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 44
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 44
PART II
Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER 
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
45
Item 6. RESERVED 46
Item 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS
46
Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 62
Item 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 64
Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL 
DISCLOSURE
118
Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 118
Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 118
Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 118
PART III
Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 118
Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 119
Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED 
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
119
Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 119
Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 119
PART IV
Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 120
SCHEDULE II 128
Item 16. 10-K SUMMARY 128
SIGNATURES 129
GLOSSARY OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 130
--- PAGE 12 END ---
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report contains information regarding the Company that may constitute “forward-looking statements,” as that term is defined 
under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other securities laws, that are subject to risks and uncertainties. 
We intend the forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements in those 
sections. Generally, we have identified such forward-looking statements by using the words “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” 
“estimate,” “anticipate,” “project,” “target,” “forecast,” “aim,” “should,” “plan,” “goal,” “future,” “will,” “may” and similar expressions 
or by using future dates in connection with any discussion of, among other things, statements expressing general views about 
future operating or financial results, operating or financial performance, trends, events or developments that we expect or 
anticipate will occur in the future, anticipated cost savings, potential capital and operational cash improvements and changes in 
the global economic environment, anticipated capital expenditures, the construction or operation of new or existing facilities or 
capabilities and the costs associated with such matters, statements regarding our greenhouse gas emissions reduction goals, as 
well as statements regarding the merger between the Company and Nippon Steel Corporation (the “Merger”), including the 
timing of the completion of the Merger. However, the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a 
statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts, but instead 
represent only the Company’s beliefs regarding future goals, plans and expectations about our prospects for the future and other 
events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside of the Company’s control. It is possible that the 
Company’s actual results and financial condition may differ, possibly materially, from the anticipated results and financial 
condition indicated in these forward-looking statements. Management of the Company believes that these forward-looking 
statements are reasonable as of the time made. However, caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any such 
forward-looking statements because such statements speak only as of the date when made. In addition, forward looking 
statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company’s 
historical experience and our present expectations or projections . Risks and uncertainties include without limitation: the ability of 
the parties to consummate the Merger on a timely basis or at all; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances 
that could give rise to the termination of the definitive agreement and plan of merger relating to the Merger (the “Merger 
Agreement”); risks arising from litigation related to the Merger, either brought by or against the parties; the risk that the parties to 
the Merger Agreement may not be able to satisfy the conditions to the Merger in a timely manner or at all; risks related to 
disruption of management time from ongoing business operations due to the Merger and related litigation; certain restrictions 
during the pendency of the Merger that may impact the Company’s ability to pursue certain business opportunities or strategic 
transactions; the risk that any announcements relating to the Merger could have adverse effects on the market price of the 
Company’s common stock; the risk of any unexpected costs or expenses resulting from the Merger; the risk that the Merger and 
its announcement could have an adverse effect on the ability of the Company to retain customers and retain and hire key 
personnel and maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, employees, stockholders and other business relationships and 
on its operating results and business generally; and the risk the pending Merger could distract management of the Company. The 
Company directs readers to Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the other documents it files with the SEC for other 
risks associated with the Company’s future performance. These documents contain and identify important factors that could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. All information in this report is as 
of the date above. The Company does not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement to conform the statement 
to actual results or changes in the Company’s expectations whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, 
except as required by law.
References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to (i) “U. S. Steel,” “the Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to United States 
Steel Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated by the context, (ii) “Big River Steel” refers to Big 
River Steel Holdings LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated by the context and (iii) “Transtar” 
refers to Transtar LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries unless otherwise indicated by the context. 
Non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (non-GAAP) Financial Measures
This report contains the non-GAAP financial measure cash conversion cycle. We believe the cash conversion cycle is a useful 
measure in providing investors with information regarding our cash management performance and is a widely accepted measure 
of working capital management efficiency. The cash conversion cycle should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to 
other Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) metrics as an indicator of performance.  
Table of Contents
3 
--- PAGE 13 END ---
PART I
Item 1. BUSINESS
United States Steel Corporation, with operations in the United States of America and Central Europe, is a steelmaker that is 
pursuing a customer-centric, competitive, Best for All®, differentiated strategy by investing in our competitive advantages. We are 
executing on our strategy by investing where we have distinct cost and capability advantages so that we are a superior steel 
solutions provider for our customers. By offering the new steels that our customers are increasingly demanding, we aim to 
achieve world-competitive positioning in strategic, high-margin end markets and deliver high-quality, value-added products and 
innovative solutions utilizing a lower carbon footprint than previously available through our traditional integrated steelmaking 
model.
U. S. Steel has annual raw steel production capability of 25.4 million net tons (20.4 million tons in North America and 5.0 million 
tons in Europe). U. S. Steel performs a wide range of applied research, development and technical support functions at facilities 
in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Texas and Slovakia. U. S. Steel supplies customers throughout the world primarily in the automotive, 
construction, consumer (packaging and appliance), electrical, industrial equipment, service center/distribution, structural tubing 
and energy (oil country tubular goods (OCTG) and line pipe) markets. According to the worldsteel Association’s latest published 
statistics, U. S. Steel is the third largest U.S. based steel producer and the twenty-fourth largest steel producer in the world. U. S. 
Steel is a Delaware corporation established in 1901.
Agreement and Plan of Merger with Nippon Steel Corporation
On December 18, 2023, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (such agreement, as it may be amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”) by and among the Company, Nippon Steel North America, 
Inc., a New York corporation (“Purchaser”), 2023 Merger Subsidiary, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary 
of Purchaser (“Merger Sub”), and solely as provided in Section 9.13 therein, Nippon Steel Corporation, a Japanese corporation 
(“NSC”). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions described therein, Merger Sub will 
merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Purchaser (the “Merger”). On April 12, 2024, the Company obtained the approval of its stockholders required to adopt the Merger 
Agreement. The Company’s stockholders approved the Merger with 98.8% approval of shares voted, satisfying a condition to 
closing. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, each share of the Company’s common stock, par 
value $1.00 per share, outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the “Effective Time”) will, at the Effective 
Time, automatically be converted into the right to receive $55.00 per share in cash, without interest, subject to any required tax 
withholding. The parties have substantially complied with the Second Requests issued on April 3, 2024 and the statutory waiting 
period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 has now expired. In addition, all required regulatory 
approvals outside of the United States related to the Merger have been received. The closing conditions to the Merger include 
clearance by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (“CFIUS”) under the Defense Production Act of 1950, as 
amended. Following referral of the transaction by CFIUS to the President of the United States, on January 3, 2025, the President 
of the United States issued an order prohibiting the Merger and requiring the parties to abandon the Merger Agreement within 
thirty days. On January 10, 2025, CFIUS granted an extension of that deadline to June 18, 2025.
On January 6, 2025, the Company, NSC and Purchaser jointly filed a lawsuit in the United States Court of Appeals for the District 
of Columbia Circuit alleging that the President’s order blocking the Merger was issued for purely political reasons, which are 
irrelevant to U.S. national security, challenging the decision by the President of the United States and the CFIUS process as 
violating the constitutional due process rights of the Company, NSC and Purchaser, as well as the applicable statute governing 
CFIUS and the Administrative Procedure Act, and as an exercise of power that exceeded the authority provided to the President 
of the United States under the applicable statute. On the same day, the Company, NSC and Purchaser also filed a lawsuit in the 
United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania against Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. (“Cliffs”), Cliffs’ Chief Executive 
Officer Lourenco Goncalves, and the President of the United Steel, Paper and Forestry, Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied 
Industrial and Service Workers International Union (the “USW”), David McCall, for engaging in a coordinated series of 
anticompetitive and racketeering activities illegally designed to prevent any party other than Cliffs from acquiring the Company as 
part of an illegal campaign to monopolize critical domestic steel markets.
Segments
U. S. Steel has four reportable segments: North American Flat-Rolled (Flat-Rolled), Mini Mill, U. S. Steel Europe (USSE) and 
Tubular Products (Tubular). The Tubular segment includes the electric arc furnace at our Fairfield Tubular Operations in Fairfield, 
Alabama. The Other category includes the results of our real estate business.
Flat-Rolled
The Flat-Rolled segment includes the operating results of U. S. Steel’s integrated steel plants and equity investees in North 
America involved in the production of slabs, strip mill plates, sheets and tin mill products, as well as all iron ore, direct reduced 
grade pellets, pig iron, and coke production facilities in the United States. These operations primarily serve North American 
Table of Contents
4 
--- PAGE 14 END ---
customers in the automotive, appliance, construction, container, pipe and tube, sheet converter, solar, industrial equipment and 
service center markets. 
During 2024, Flat-Rolled had aggregate annual raw steel production capability of 13.2 million tons at our Gary Works, Mon Valley 
Works, and Granite City Works facilities. Raw steel production was 8.4 million tons in 2024, 9.4 million tons in 2023, and 
8.8 million tons in 2022. Raw steel production averaged 63 percent of capability in 2024, 71 percent of capability in 2023, and 
67 percent of capability in 2022.
Mini Mill
The Mini Mill segment includes the operating results of U. S. Steel’s Big River Steel facility and a second mini mill facility, Big 
River Steel 2 (Big River 2 or BR2), which produced its first coil in October 2024. Both facilities are located in Osceola, Arkansas. 
The Mini Mill segment produces hot-rolled, cold-rolled, coated sheets and electrical steels. This operation primarily serves North 
American customers in the automotive, construction, pipe and tube, sheet converter, electrical, solar, industrial equipment and 
service center markets.
Mini Mill had aggregate annual raw steel production capability of 3.3 million tons at our Big River Steel facility through the third 
quarter of 2024, which increased to 6.3 million tons at our Big River Steel and BR2 facilities during the fourth quarter of 2024. 
Raw steel production was 2.8 million tons in 2024, 3.0 million tons in 2023, and 2.7 million tons in 2022. Raw steel production 
averaged 80 percent of capability in 2024, 89 percent of capability in 2023, and 80 percent of capability in 2022.
European Operations
The USSE segment includes the operating results of U. S. Steel Košice (USSK), U. S. Steel’s integrated steel plant and coke 
production facilities in Slovakia, and its subsidiaries. USSE conducts its business mainly in Central and Western Europe and 
primarily serves customers in the European transportation (including automotive), construction, container, appliance, electrical, 
service center, conversion and oil, gas and petrochemical markets. USSE produces and sells slabs, hot-rolled, cold-rolled, hot-
dip galvanized, and color-coated coils, electrical steel, strip mill plate, sheet, tin mill products and spiral welded pipe.
USSE has annual raw steel production capability of 5.0 million tons. USSE’s raw steel production was 3.8 million tons in 2024, 
4.4 million tons in 2023, and 3.8 million tons in 2022. USSE’s raw steel production averaged 77 percent of capability in 2024, 88 
percent of capability in 2023, and 77 percent of capability in 2022.
Tubular
The Tubular segment includes the operating results of U. S. Steel’s tubular production facilities and an equity investee in the 
United States. These operations can produce and sell rounds, seamless and electric resistance welded (ERW) steel casing and 
tubing (commonly known as OCTG), and standard and line pipe and mechanical tubing and primarily serve customers in the oil, 
gas and petrochemical markets. U. S. Steel Tubular Products LLC (USSTP), a wholly owned subsidiary of U. S. Steel, designs 
and develops a range of premium and semi-premium connections to address our customers’ needs. The Tubular segment has 
annual raw steel production capability of 900 thousand tons. Raw steel production was 575 thousand tons in 2024, 568 thousand 
tons in 2023, and 634 thousand tons in 2022. Raw steel production averaged 64 percent of capability in 2024, 63 percent of 
capability in 2023, and 70 percent of capability in 2022. Tubular has total production capability of 1.9 million tons.
For further information, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” 
and Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
5 
--- PAGE 15 END ---
Steel Shipments by Market and Segment
The following table, except as noted in Footnote 1 below, does not include shipments to end customers by joint ventures and 
other equity investees of U. S. Steel. Shipments of materials to these entities are included in the “Further Conversion – Joint 
Ventures” market classification. During 2024, sales to one customer of the Flat-Rolled segment were approximately $2.0 billion 
which exceeded 10 percent of U. S. Steel’s total consolidated net sales. During 2023 and 2022, no single customer accounted 
for more than 10 percent of U. S. Steel’s total consolidated net sales.
(Thousands of Tons) Flat-Rolled Mini Mill USSE Tubular Total
Major Market – 2024
Steel Service Centers  1,039  941  877  —  2,857 
Further Conversion – Trade Customers  1,709  673  245  —  2,627 
 – Joint Ventures (1)  193  —  —  —  193 
Transportation and Automotive (1)  3,389  14  559  —  3,962 
Construction and Construction Products  584  591  1,224  11  2,410 
Containers and Packaging  358  6  223  —  587 
Appliances and Electrical Equipment  441  82  176  —  699 
Oil, Gas and Petrochemicals  —  —  1  465  466 
All Other  132  —  273  —  405 
TOTAL  7,845  2,307  3,578  476  14,206 
Major Market – 2023
Steel Service Centers  1,506  1,116  848  —  3,470 
Further Conversion – Trade Customers  1,940  729  293  —  2,962 
 – Joint Ventures (1)  211  —  —  —  211 
Transportation and Automotive (1)  2,876  17  636  —  3,529 
Construction and Construction Products  908  483  1,319  31  2,741 
Containers and Packaging  570  1  312  —  883 
Appliances and Electrical Equipment  429  78  172  —  679 
Oil, Gas and Petrochemicals  —  —  —  447  447 
All Other  266  —  319  —  585 
TOTAL  8,706  2,424  3,899  478  15,507 
Major Market – 2022
Steel Service Centers  1,128  1,080  839  —  3,047 
Further Conversion – Trade Customers  2,163  772  289  —  3,224 
 – Joint Ventures (1)  256  —  —  —  256 
Transportation and Automotive (1)  2,611  20  619  —  3,250 
Construction and Construction Products  922  310  1,052  30  2,314 
Containers and Packaging  693  13  423  —  1,129 
Appliances and Electrical Equipment  416  93  225  —  734 
Oil, Gas and Petrochemicals  —  —  3  494  497 
All Other  183  —  309  —  492 
TOTAL  8,372  2,288  3,759  524  14,943 
(1) PRO-TEC automotive substrate shipments are included in the Transportation and Automotive category.
Table of Contents
6 
--- PAGE 16 END ---
Steel Industry Background and Competition
The global steel industry is cyclical, highly competitive and has historically been characterized by global overcapacity.
U. S. Steel’s competitive position may be affected by, among other things, differences among U. S. Steel’s and its competitors’ 
cost structure, labor costs, environmental remediation and compliance costs, global capacity, achievement of innovations in new 
technologies and sustainable products and the existence and magnitude of government support.
U. S. Steel competes with many North American and international steel producers. Competitors include 1) integrated producers, 
which use iron ore and coke as the primary raw materials for steel production, 2) Electric Arc Furnace (EAF) producers, which 
primarily use steel scrap and other iron-bearing feedstocks as raw materials and 3) slab re-rollers, who purchase mostly 
imported, but some domestic, semi-finished products and convert them into sheet products. In addition, other materials, such as 
aluminum, plastics and composites, compete with steel in several applications. According to worldsteel Association, global steel 
production in 2024 of approximately 1.88 billion metric tons was consistent compared to 2023. Among the top ten steel producing 
countries, steel production in China, Japan, the United States, and Russia decreased, while production in India, Germany, and 
Brazil increased. The top five steel producing countries accounted for approximately 74 percent of the world’s steel production in 
2024.
See “International Trade” below for a discussion of global overcapacity and the Company’s efforts to mitigate the competitive 
impact. 
EAF producers typically require lower capital expenditures for construction and operation of facilities and may have lower total 
employment costs. Some EAF producers utilize thin slab casting technology to produce flat-rolled products and are increasingly 
able to compete directly with integrated producers in many flat-rolled product applications previously produced only by integrated 
steelmakers. Slab re-rollers do not incur the cost of melting steel; their input costs are largely driven by the market price of slabs.
U. S. Steel provides defined benefit pension and/or other post-employment benefits to approximately 55,000 current employees, 
retirees and their beneficiaries. Many of our competitors do not have comparable retiree obligations. Participation in U. S. Steel’s 
main defined benefit pension plan was closed to new entrants on July 1, 2003 and benefit accruals for all non-represented 
participants were frozen effective December 31, 2015. Participation in U. S. Steel’s retiree medical and life insurance programs 
for USW-represented employees was closed to employees hired or rehired (except in limited circumstances) on or after January 
1, 2016. For non-represented employees, retiree medical benefits were eliminated December 31, 2017, and retiree life insurance 
benefits were eliminated for those who retired after December 31, 2017.
We believe that our major North American and many European integrated steel competitors are confronted with substantially 
similar environmental regulatory conditions and therefore do not believe that our relative position with regard to such competitors 
will be materially affected by the impact of environmental laws and regulations. However, if future regulations do not recognize 
that the integrated steel process involves a series of chemical reactions involving carbon that create carbon dioxide (CO 2) 
emissions without linking these emissions to steel scrap as well, the competitive position of our integrated operations will be 
adversely impacted compared to mini mills. Our competitive position compared to producers in developing nations such as 
China, Russia, Brazil and India will be harmed unless such nations require commensurate reductions in CO 2 emissions or there 
are policies to adjust for the carbon emissions disparities. Competing materials such as plastics may not be similarly impacted. 
The specific impact on each competitor will vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of its operating 
facilities and its production methods. U. S. Steel is also responsible for remediation costs related to former and present operating 
locations and disposal of environmentally sensitive materials. Many of our competitors, including North American producers, or 
their successors, that have been the subject of bankruptcy relief have no or substantially lower liabilities for such environmental 
remediation matters.
In 2025, we expect additional steelmaking capacity will enter the domestic steel market as competitors’ growth projects come on-
line or ramp up to full production in North America throughout the year.
Table of Contents
7 
--- PAGE 17 END ---
Business Strategy
We are executing on our Best for All ® strategy to provide customers with profitable steel solutions for people and planet. Our 
strategy is focused on developing quality products and customer process solutions by investing where we have distinct cost or 
capability competitive advantages. We are expanding our competitive advantages in low-cost iron ore, mini mill steelmaking, and 
best-in-class finishing assets with innovative solutions and commercial acumen. These competitive advantages are built on a 
foundation of research, innovation and deep customer relationships. In executing our strategy, we aim to enhance our earnings 
profile, deliver long-term cash flow through industry cycles and reduce our cost, capital, and carbon intensity. By offering the 
product capabilities, including the more sustainable steels (steels made with lower greenhouse gas emissions), our customers 
are increasingly demanding, we can achieve more competitive positioning in strategic, high-margin end markets, and deliver 
high-quality, sustainable, value-added products and innovative solutions.
Our strategy is informed by our critical success factors, which are the bedrock of the Best for All ® strategy: (1) Win in Strategic 
Markets; (2) Move Up the Talent Curve; and (3) Move Down the Cost Curve.
We are focused on strategic markets, where there is the greatest opportunity to provide differentiated, innovative and value-
added solutions that will help our customers succeed. We are investing in new technologies to improve our cost position and 
increase our capabilities, including our mini mill steelmaking and best-in-class finishing capabilities. Beginning in 2021, we began 
investing nearly $4 billion in the Mini Mill segment to enhance our finishing and EAF capabilities. In 2023, we completed 
construction of a 200-thousand-ton, non-grain oriented (NGO) electrical steel line at our Big River Steel facility, which produced 
its first coil in September 2023, and shipped the first prime coil in early 2024. This construction project was completed on-time 
and on-budget. Construction of BR2 near Osceola, Arkansas continued throughout 2024 and BR2 produced its first coil in 
October 2024. This new mini mill has about 3 million tons per year of steelmaking capability and combines two state-of-the-art 
EAFs with differentiated steelmaking and finishing technology, including endless casting and rolling equipment and an advanced 
high-strength steel (AHSS) finishing line. Total capital spend for BR2 is expected to be approximately $3.6 billion. In addition, the 
construction of a 325-thousand-ton dual Galvalume®/galvanized coating line at Big River Steel was completed in the second 
quarter of 2024. We are enhancing our competitive advantage in low-cost iron ore by expanding this advantage to serve our 
growing fleet of EAF producers. In our Flat-rolled segment, construction of a direct reduced (DR) grade pellet facility at the 
Company’s Keetac ore operations was completed on-time and on-budget in December 2023. We also completed our 500-
thousand-ton, pig iron machine at Gary Works in 2022 and ramped to full run-rate production in 2023. Capital expenditures for 
strategic projects were $1.6 billion during the year ended December 31, 2024.
We know that to accomplish our objectives, we also need to continue to move up the talent curve. We are investing in our 
employees and providing the training and resources they need to succeed. This will help reinforce our culture of caring, where 
accountability, fairness and respect are foundational, and high performance and inclusion in all its forms are valued and 
celebrated. See “Human Capital Management” below for additional information on our talent attraction, development, and 
retention initiatives.
From time to time, U. S. Steel evaluates potential strategic and organizational opportunities, which may include the acquisition, 
divestiture or consolidation of assets. Given the cyclicality of our industry, we are focused on strategically deploying our capital, 
in-line with our capital allocation framework, in order to invest in areas consistent with the execution of our Best for All ® strategy 
and are considering various possibilities, including exiting lines of business and the sale of certain assets, that we believe would 
ultimately result in greater stockholder value. The Merger Agreement contains customary limitations on U. S. Steel’s ability to 
engage in such transactions without the consent of Purchaser.
As the Company advances and expands its mini mill capability, it seeks to become better, not bigger and will adjust its footprint 
accordingly by re-evaluating cost and capability advantages within its evolving footprint. In December 2021 and June 2022, the 
Company permanently idled the steelmaking and ironmaking operations, respectively, at its Great Lakes Works facility. In 
addition, in March 2022, the Company permanently idled the finishing facilities at its East Chicago Tin operations, which had 
been idled on a temporary basis during 2019. The coil finishing process at Great Lakes Works continues to operate and remains 
a component of the Company’s operating plans. In December 2022, the Company indefinitely idled the majority of tin operations 
at our Gary Works facility. In November 2023, the steel and ironmaking production facilities at Granite City Works were 
indefinitely idled. The plant continues to process slabs to produce hot-rolled, cold-rolled and coated sheets. Production at USS-
UPI, LLC (UPI) was indefinitely idled in December 2023.
Commercial Strategy
Our commercial strategy is focused on providing customer-centric solutions with differentiated and value-added steel products, 
which includes AHSS such as our newer grades of generation 3 (GEN3) steel, coated sheets for the automotive and appliance 
industries, electrical steel sheets for the manufacture of motors and electrical equipment, a wide variety of bare, laminated and 
pre-painted corrosion-resistant sheets for construction and related applications, hot rolled coils used in the production of 
construction and agricultural-related heavy machinery as well as skelp for line pipe used for energy transmission as well as 
Table of Contents
8 
--- PAGE 18 END ---
extraction, tin mill products for the packaging industry and OCTG pipe, connections, accessories and rig site services for use in 
drilling for oil and gas. In addition, our portfolio of customers serves a variety of different traditional and emerging industries 
meeting the needs of numerous markets.
U. S. Steel is committed to leveraging our Best for All ® strategy to develop and commercialize our low-carbon footprint and high 
value-add steels for our current and future customers. The Company’s current five-year plan includes objectives to develop and 
commercialize numerous differentiated grades of low-carbon, high rate of recycled-content steels, providing compelling new 
options for customers in automotive, appliance, industrial equipment, construction, renewable energy and other markets to 
enhance the sustainability of their products. For example, in April 2021, we announced a new sustainable steel product line, 
verdeXTM, which is made with up to 90% recycled steel content and a reduced carbon footprint - as much as 70-80% less carbon 
emissions than traditional integrated steelmaking methods. After launching our verdeX TM brand of sustainable steel products in 
2021, we have worked closely with customers on their own sustainability goals. In 2022, we achieved our first agreements with 
customers on the sale of verdeX TM products moving forward, and more agreements have been put in place for use in various 
industries, setting the stage for increased adoption of verdeX TM in existing and developing steel products produced by our 
customers. In 2023, with the completion of the NGO electrical steel line at our Big River Steel facility, the Company began 
production of its InduX TM electrical steel products which have the magnetic properties necessary for electric vehicles as well as 
generators. InduXTM electrical steel products are wide, ultra-thin, light-weight and infinitely recyclable. In addition, we continue to 
work with customers in numerous industries to help them implement AHSS solutions in the products they manufacture. While the 
automotive industry has been most active in the adoption of these products in vehicle platforms, and continues to accelerate the 
deployment of AHSS solutions in new vehicle launches, U. S. Steel is successfully introducing AHSS in other industries as well. 
In January 2023, we also enhanced our construction product portfolio by offering a best-in-class warranty of up to 60 years for 
our Galvalume® products, and in October 2023 launched Coastalume ®, the first carbon steel solution designed for use in coastal 
construction applications, offering a combination of superior corrosion resistance and durability in a more cost-effective product 
than other widely used options. Most recently, U. S. Steel launched a new coated steel product in September 2024 called 
ZMAGTM, a product designed to offer more strength, corrosion resistance, and sustainable steel benefits in numerous industries, 
but developed specifically for the growing solar segment.
We are responsive to our customers’ changing needs by developing new steel products and uses for steel that meet their 
evolving markets and regulatory demands. We have research centers in Munhall, Pennsylvania, Košice, Slovakia, and Houston, 
Texas, as well as an automotive technology center in Troy, Michigan. The focus of these centers is to engineer new products and 
to co-create innovative solutions that meet our customers’ toughest challenges to reduce carbon emissions, increase strength, 
improve longevity and serve the needs of their customers.
For automotive customers leveraging AHSS, we commissioned a first of its kind GEN3 hot dipped galvanize line at our PRO-TEC 
Coating Company (PRO-TEC) joint venture in 2020, and have embedded application engineers at original equipment 
manufacturers (OEMs) to demonstrate how to best utilize the strong, yet highly formable, cost effective material in body design to 
meet passenger safety requirements while significantly reducing weight to meet future vehicle fuel efficiency standards.
In our tubular markets, we continue development of premium and semi-premium tubular connections designed for our customers 
that operate in challenging drilling environments. These connections optimize well construction activities and provide outstanding 
sealing capabilities for onshore and offshore oil and gas drilling in North America. An example is the USS-TALON HTQ™, which 
was introduced in 2020 for customers that are constructing onshore natural gas and oil wells with long laterals requiring best-in-
class torque capacity and optimized well-bore clearances.
Commercial Sales of Product 
U. S. Steel characterizes sales as contract sales if sold pursuant to an agreement with a defined volume and pricing and a 
duration of longer than three months, and as spot if sold without a defined volume and pricing agreement, typically three months 
or less. In 2024, approximately 76 percent, 56 percent, 50 percent and 82 percent of sales by Flat-Rolled, Mini Mill, USSE and 
Tubular, respectively, were contract sales. Some contract pricing agreements include fixed prices while others are adjusted 
periodically based upon published prices of steel products or cost components. 
Human Capital Management
At U. S. Steel, we are focused on attracting and retaining the top talent needed to support our strategic transformation and meet 
our customers’ evolving needs as a sustainable steel solutions provider. The support and development of our people is 
foundational to achieving our Best for All® strategy. We refer to this strategic talent pillar as “Moving Up the Talent Curve.”
Our focus on people extends to our current and future employees. We aim to have an engaged workforce and foster an 
environment that promotes new ideas and innovation, reflects the communities where we operate, and delivers exceptional 
customer service. To achieve the Best for All® strategy, we must have the “Best from All.”
Table of Contents
9 
--- PAGE 19 END ---
Active Employees as of December 31, 2024
North America  14,341 
Slovakia  7,712 
Total 22,053
Ethics & Compliance
Our culture is based on our S.T.E.E.L. Principles: Safety First; Trust and Respect; Environmental Stewardship; Excellence and 
Accountability; and Lawful and Ethical Conduct. We expect our employees and members of our board of directors to take 
personal responsibility to “do what’s right,” and our Code of Ethical Business Conduct serves as the foundation for the actions of 
our employees and directors. To further ensure that employees understand the Company’s expectations and all applicable rules, 
we provide annual formal ethics and compliance training to our employees and have frequent communications with information 
about key compliance topics, which include messages from senior management underscoring the importance of doing business 
with integrity. Employees also receive summaries of current events that demonstrate the need to do business lawfully and 
ethically that include reminders of the Company’s expectations for all employees. In addition, through our annual policy 
certification process, employees of USSK, non-represented employees in the United States, and members of our board of 
directors certify their ongoing compliance with our Code of Ethical Business Conduct.
Employee Health & Safety
At U. S. Steel, we have a long-standing commitment to the safety and health of every person who works in our facilities. Every 
employee deserves to return home safely at the end of every day, and we are working to eliminate all injuries and incidents. In 
addition, the psychological safety of all employees is important to us. We have combined physical safety and psychological 
safety into the construct of 360° safety. Ensuring a safe workplace also improves productivity, quality, reliability and financial 
performance. By making safety and health a personal responsibility, our employees are making a daily commitment to follow safe 
work practices, look out for the safety of co-workers and ensure safe working conditions for everyone. A “Safety First” mindset is 
as essential to our success as the tools and technologies we rely on to do business.
Our objective is to attain a sustainable zero harm culture supported by leadership and owned by an engaged and highly skilled 
workforce, empowered with the capabilities and resources needed to assess, reduce and eliminate workplace risks and hazards. 
In support of these objectives, we have developed an enhanced Safety Management System, initiated new safety 
communication methods and enhanced contractor safety processes. One of our most important safety protocols is our fatality 
prevention audit program. These proactive assessments of the processes and protocols we have in place, and adherence to 
them, to avoid fatalities and severe injuries are conducted annually at the enterprise level and more frequently at each of our 
facilities. We assess our safety performance through a variety of lagging and leading indicators, including OSHA Days Away 
From Work (DAFW). This measurement allows us to evaluate the frequency of injuries sustained at our facilities requiring an 
employee to stay at home for more than one day. U. S. Steel has achieved record-safety performance in this measurement in the 
last several years, routinely achieving performance better than industry benchmarks.
Frequency of Injuries per 200,000 workhours
OSHA Global Days Away From Work (DAFW) Incidence Rates 
January 2022 through December 2024
0.05
0.04
0.06
U. S. Steel
2022 2023 2024
0.00
0.03
0.06
0.09
0.12
0.15
Table of Contents
10 
--- PAGE 20 END ---
For 2024, we had a corporate DAFW rate of 0.06, which is 10 times better than the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics’ Iron and 
Steel benchmark DAFW rate of 0.60.
Talent Attraction, Development and Retention 
Attracting, developing, and retaining a workforce of talented people with unique experiences and skillsets is essential to having 
high-performing teams that drive results for our Company’s stakeholders. As part of our commitment to cultivating a culture of 
caring, we have inclusive benefits available for our U.S. non-represented workforce, including expanded parental leave, back-up 
dependent care, infertility coverage and healthcare continuation for the families of employees who suffered work-related or 
military service fatalities. We also support several employee resource groups (ERGs) to enhance employee engagement and 
promote a culture of belonging. Our ERGs also provide training and education, mentorship and networking opportunities for their 
members.
We believe that attraction, development and retention of talent is essential to our success, especially in today’s competitive labor 
market. We offer internship programs, partner with universities, community colleges and technical schools, and collaborate with 
community employment centers and economic development nonprofit organizations to build strong and diverse internal and 
external sources of potential employees and opportunities for our existing employees’ growth and development.
Once at U. S. Steel, we seek to provide opportunities for continuous learning and development. All of our employees at a 
director-level and above have a formal professional development plan that is assessed at least annually. In addition, we 
proactively monitor our attrition rates and take targeted actions to ensure our highest potential and performing employees are 
motivated to remain with the Company. Over the past five years, our regrettable voluntary turnover rate has been at or below 5.5 
percent.
We offer a competitive total rewards package of compensation and benefits that we regularly evaluate and benchmark across the 
manufacturing industry to ensure that we position U. S. Steel as an employer of choice.
Labor Relations
 
Approximately 80% of our employees in North America and Slovakia are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We work 
closely with union representatives to provide safe and productive workplaces that enable our employees to deliver high-quality 
products and meet the needs of our customers. Our relationship with the USW includes not only a commitment to safety 
programs, but also a common approach to combating the unfairly traded imports that threaten our industry, our company and 
ultimately the jobs of our employees.
Certain hourly employees of U. S. Steel’s flat-rolled, tubular, cokemaking and iron ore operations in the United States are 
covered by collective bargaining agreements with the USW entered into effective September 1, 2022 (the 2022 Labor 
Agreements) that expire on September 1, 2026. The 2022 Labor Agreements include a signing bonus for each eligible USW-
represented employee and annual 5% wage increases effective September 1, 2022, 2023, 2024, and 2025. The 2022 Labor 
Agreements also provide for certain increases to pension and retirement benefits, including increases in our defined benefit 
pension plan, retiree healthcare account contributions, and to the contribution rate to the Steelworkers Pension Trust from $3.50 
to $4.00 per hour, effective January 1, 2023. During the fourth quarter of 2022, U. S. Steel recorded a charge of approximately 
$67 million for the 2022 Labor Agreements signing bonus and related costs.
In addition, as part of the collective bargaining process, U. S. Steel and the USW agreed to leverage the overfunded Other Post-
Employment Benefit (OPEB) plans to support the benefits provided to active represented employees. The OPEB plans were 
modified to allow the Company to utilize a certain amount of surplus assets to pay additional legally permissible benefits 
previously paid by the Company. The arrangement permits the Company to utilize a target of $75 million annually for active and 
retiree employee benefits, with an annual minimum of $50 million, beginning in 2023 and continuing through December 31, 2026. 
For additional information, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
Capital Structure, Liquidity and Capital Allocation
Our strategy’s primary financial goal is to enhance stockholder value by utilizing our capital structure, liquidity and enhanced 
capital allocation priorities to advance the Company’s strategic objectives, generate long-term value and reward stockholders. 
Our cash deployment strategy is aligned with our corporate strategy and includes executing on strategic projects and portfolio 
moves, maintaining a strong balance sheet and a healthy pension plan, and delivering sustainable growth with a focus on core 
values such as safety and environmental stewardship and rewarding stockholders for the continued progress we make. Cash 
deployment is also performed with a customer-centric focus on improving safety, our environment, quality, delivery and cost.
Our liquidity supports our ability to satisfy short-term obligations, fund working capital requirements and provides a foundation to 
execute key strategic priorities. We are focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet and may proactively refinance or repay 
our debt from time to time to protect our capital structure from unforeseen external events and re-financing risks.
In 2024, we repaid approximately $128 million in debt, and we ended the year with $3.62 billion of total liquidity.
Table of Contents
11 
--- PAGE 21 END ---
On May 18, 2023, U. S. Steel closed on an offering consisting of an aggregate principal amount of $240 million unsecured 
Arkansas Development Finance Authority environmental improvement revenue bonds, which carry a green bond designation. 
The bonds, issued through Arkansas Development Finance Authority, have a coupon rate of 5.700% and carry a final maturity of 
2053 (2053 ADFA Green Bonds). U. S. Steel received net proceeds of approximately $238 million after fees of approximately $2 
million related to the underwriting and third-party expenses and will pay semiannual interest. The net proceeds from the issuance 
of the 2053 ADFA Green Bonds were used to partially fund work related to the BR2 facility.
The Merger Agreement contains customary limitations on U. S. Steel’s ability to incur additional indebtedness without the 
consent of Purchaser. 
On July 25, 2022, following the completion of previously authorized $800 million share repurchase programs, the Board of 
Directors authorized a share repurchase program for the repurchase of up to $500 million of the Company’s outstanding 
common stock from time to time in the open market or privately negotiated transactions at the discretion of management. The 
Company’s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares.
U. S. Steel repurchased 7.1 million shares of its common stock for approximately $175 million during the year ended December 
31, 2023. No share repurchases were completed in 2024, and there is approximately $126 million remaining under the current 
stock repurchase authorization. We do not expect to utilize the remainder of this authorization. In addition, the Board of Directors 
declared quarterly dividends of five cents per common share for each of the quarters in 2024. The Merger Agreement contains a 
customary prohibition on U. S. Steel’s ability to engage in additional share repurchases without the consent of Purchaser. 
Table of Contents
12 
--- PAGE 22 END ---
Facilities and Locations as of December 31, 2024
Table of Contents
13 
--- PAGE 23 END ---
Flat-Rolled
The operating results of all of U. S. Steel’s domestic-integrated steel and sheet plants, coke and iron ore operations and ore and 
sheet production joint ventures are included in Flat-Rolled. Also included within Flat-Rolled is a research and technology center 
located in Munhall, Pennsylvania (near Pittsburgh) and an automotive technology center in Troy, Michigan. The research and 
technology center carries out a wide range of applied research, development and technical support functions. The automotive 
technology center brings automotive sales, service, distribution and logistics services, product technology and applications 
research into one location and much of U. S. Steel’s work in developing new grades of steel to meet the demands of automakers 
for high-strength, light-weight and formable materials is carried out at this location.
Flat-Rolled Operations Table
Operations, (Property Location)
Annual Production 
Capability
Principal Products and/or 
Services
Gary Works, (Gary, Indiana) (a) 7.5 million tons of raw 
steel which includes 
0.5 million tons of pig 
iron capability
strip mill plate in coil; hot-rolled, 
cold-rolled and coated sheets; tin 
mill products and pig iron
Midwest, (Portage, Indiana) finishing facility hot-rolled, cold-rolled and coated 
sheets; tin mill products
Great Lakes Works (b),
(Ecorse, River Rouge and Dearborn, Michigan)
finishing facility cold-rolled and coated sheets
Mon Valley Works (c):
Edgar Thompson, (Braddock, Pennsylvania),
Irvin, (West Mifflin, Pennsylvania), Fairless, (Fairless Hills, 
Pennsylvania), and
Clairton, (Clairton, Pennsylvania)
2.9 million tons of raw 
steel and 3.6 million 
tons of coke
hot-rolled, cold-rolled and coated 
sheets; coke and coke by-products
Granite City Works (d), (Granite City, Illinois) 2.8 million tons of raw 
steel
hot-rolled, cold-rolled and coated 
sheets
USS-UPI, LLC (UPI) (e), (Pittsburg, California) finishing facility cold-rolled and coated sheets; tin 
mill products
Fairfield Works, (Fairfield, Alabama) finishing facility coated sheets
Minnesota Ore Operations: Minntac, (Mt. Iron, Minnesota) and 
Keetac, (Keewatin, Minnesota)
22.4 million tons of iron 
ore pellets which 
includes 4.0 million 
tons of DR-grade pellet 
capability
iron ore pellets and DR (direct 
reduced) grade pellets
(a) The majority of tin operations were indefinitely idled as of December 31, 2022. Pig iron is sold on an intercompany basis to Big River Steel 
and BR2.
(b) The steel and ironmaking production facilities were permanently idled in December of 2021 and June of 2022, respectively. Great Lakes 
Works’ pickle line, cold mill and CGL continue to operate, while the DESCO and electrolytic galvanizing lines are indefinitely idled. 
(c) From time to time, we may swap coke with other domestic steel producers or sell on the open market. Coke by-products are sold to the 
chemicals and raw materials industries.
(d) In November 2023, the steel and ironmaking production facilities at Granite City Works were indefinitely idled. The plant continues to process 
slabs to produce hot-rolled, cold-rolled and coated sheets. 
(e) In December 2023, production at UPI was indefinitely idled. 
Joint Ventures Within Flat-Rolled
U. S. Steel participates in a number of joint ventures that are included in Flat-Rolled, most of which are conducted through 
subsidiaries. All of these joint ventures are accounted for under the equity method. The significant joint ventures and other 
investments are described below.
Joint Ventures (a) Within Flat-Rolled Table
Joint Venture, (Property Location)
U. S. Steel’s 
Ownership Percentage Annual Production Capability
Hibbing Taconite Company (Hibbing); (Hibbing, Minnesota) 14.7% 9.0 million tons of which U. S. 
Steel’s share is 1.3 million tons
PRO-TEC Coating Company (PRO-TEC), (Leipsic, Ohio) 50.0% 2.0 million tons (b)
Double G Coatings Company (Double G) (c); Jackson, Mississippi 50.0% 315 thousand tons
Chrome Deposit Corporation (CDC), (six locations near major 
steel plants)
50.0% not applicable
(a) See further information about our equity investees in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
(b)  U. S. Steel’s domestic production facilities supply PRO-TEC with cold-rolled sheets and U. S. Steel markets all of PRO-TEC's products.
(c) Each partner supplies its own steel to Double G and markets what is processed by Double G.
Table of Contents
14 
--- PAGE 24 END ---
Mini Mill
The operations of Big River Steel and Big River Steel 2 are included in Mini Mill. The Big River Steel and BR2 facilities, located in 
Osceola, Arkansas, are EAF sheet steel production facilities.
Mini Mill Operations Table
Operations, (Property Location)
Annual Production 
Capability Principal Products and/or Services
Big River Steel, (Osceola, Arkansas) 3.3 million tons of raw 
steel
hot-rolled, cold-rolled and coated sheets; electrical steels
Big River Steel 2, (Osceola, Arkansas) 3.0 million tons of raw 
steel
hot-rolled, cold-rolled and coated sheets; electrical steels
USSE
USSE operates in Košice, Slovakia an integrated facility and a research laboratory, which, in conjunction with our Research and 
Technology Center, supports efforts in coke making, electrical steels, other value-added products and design and 
instrumentation.
USSE Operations Table
Operations, (Property Location)
Annual Production 
Capability Principal Products and/or Services
U. S. Steel Košice, (Košice, 
Slovakia)
5.0 million tons of raw 
steel
coke; slabs; strip mill plate: hot, cold and coated sheets; tin mill 
products; spiral welded pipe
Tubular
Tubular manufactures seamless and welded OCTG, standard pipe, line pipe and mechanical tubing.
Tubular Operations Table
Operations, (Property Location) Production Capability Principal Products and/or Services
Fairfield Tubular Operations, (Fairfield, Alabama) 0.9 million tons of raw 
steel (a) and 750 
thousand tons of tubular
seamless tubular pipe
Lorain Tubular Operations (b), (Lorain, Ohio) 380 thousand tons of 
tubular
seamless tubular pipe
Lone Star Tubular (b), (Lone Star, Texas) #1 electric-weld pipe mill 
(EWPM) 400 thousand 
tons and #2 EWPM 380 
thousand tons of tubular
welded tubular pipe
Wheeling Machine Products (c), (Pine Bluff, Arkansas and 
Hughes Springs, Texas)
not applicable tubular couplings
Offshore Operations, (Houston, Texas) not applicable tubular threading, inspection, 
accessories and storage services and 
premium connections
Tubular Processing (d), (Houston, Texas) not applicable tubular processing
(a) Based on the rounds caster capacity which is its constraining production unit.
(b) In April 2020, the Lorain Tubular and Lone Star Tubular operations were indefinitely idled.
(c) In April 2020, the Wheeling Machine Products at Hughes Springs, Texas was indefinitely idled.
(d) Tubular Processing has been indefinitely idled since 2015. 
Joint Ventures (a) Within Tubular Table
Operations, (Property 
Location)
U. S. Steel’s Ownership 
Percentage Production Capability
Principal Products and/or 
Services
Patriot Premium Threading 
Services, (Midland, Texas)
50% not applicable Tubular threading, accessories 
and premium connections
(a) See further information about our equity investees in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
15 
--- PAGE 25 END ---
Other
U. S. Steel’s Other category includes the operating results relating to our real estate operations. The Company owns 
approximately 43,000 acres of real estate assets, either held for development or managed, in Alabama, California, Illinois, 
Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Texas.
Raw Materials and Energy
As a predominantly integrated producer, U. S. Steel’s primary raw materials are iron units in the form of iron ore pellets and sinter 
ore, carbon units in the form of coal and coke (which is produced from coking coal) and steel scrap. For our EAF production, our 
primary raw material is scrap. U. S. Steel’s raw materials supply strategy consists of acquiring and expanding captive sources of 
certain primary raw materials and entering into flexible supply contracts for certain other raw materials at competitive market 
prices that are subject to fluctuations based on market conditions at the time.
The amounts of such raw materials needed to produce a ton of steel will fluctuate based upon the specifications of the final steel 
products, the quality of raw materials and, to a lesser extent, differences among steel producing equipment. In broad terms, the 
Company’s integrated steel process consumes approximately 1.4 tons of coal to produce one ton of coke and then it consumes 
approximately 0.3 tons of coke, 0.3 tons of steel scrap (approximately 60 percent of which is internally generated) and 1.3 tons of 
iron ore pellets to produce one ton of raw steel. In addition, we consume approximately 10 mmbtu’s of natural gas per ton 
produced. Generally, the Company’s mini mill operations consume approximately 0.8 tons of steel scrap, 0.3 tons of pig iron, and 
0.1 tons of HBI to produce one ton of raw steel. In addition, the mini mill operations consume approximately 0.6 MKWH of 
electricity per ton of raw steel produced. While we believe that these estimated consumption amounts are useful for planning 
purposes, and are presented to give a general sense of raw material and energy consumption related to steel production, 
substantial variations may occur. 
Iron Ore
Thousands of tons
Iron Ore Production(a)
16,981
23,369
22,059 22,134 22,247
Iron Ore Production
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
15,000
17,500
20,000
22,500
25,000
(a) Includes our share of production from Hibbing through December 31, 2024.
The iron ore facilities at Minntac and Keetac contain approximately 900 million short tons of indicated resources and probable 
reserves and our share of recoverable reserves at the Hibbing joint venture is approximately 4 million short tons. Refer to Mining 
Properties in Item 2 of this Form 10-K for additional information. Recoverable reserves are defined as the tons of product that 
can be used internally or delivered to a customer after considering mining and beneficiation or preparation losses. Minntac and 
Keetac’s annual capability and our share of annual capability for the Hibbing joint venture total approximately 23 million tons. We 
have iron ore pellet production capability that exceeds our steelmaking capability in the U.S. 
We historically have sold iron ore pellets to third parties, including in 2024, 2023, and 2022. The Company has agreements to 
supply iron ore pellets to third-party customers over the next several years.
All of USSE’s iron ore requirements are purchased from outside sources, primarily Ukrainian mining companies. Prices are 
determined in long-term contracts with strategic suppliers or as spot prices negotiated monthly or quarterly. We believe that 
supplies of iron ore adequate to meet USSE’s needs are available at competitive market prices.
During 2024, USSE protected approximately 25 percent of its operation’s iron ore purchases with financial swaps to manage 
exposure to iron ore price fluctuations.
Coking Coal
Table of Contents
16 
--- PAGE 26 END ---
All of U. S. Steel’s coal requirements for our cokemaking facilities are purchased from outside sources. Pricing for Flat-Rolled’s 
coking coal contracts is typically negotiated on a yearly basis, and from time to time we have entered into multi-year agreements 
for a portion of our coking coal requirements. 
Prices for European contracts are negotiated quarterly, annually or determined as index-based prices.
We believe that supplies of coking coal adequate to meet our needs are available from outside sources at competitive market 
prices. The main source of coking coal for Flat-Rolled is the United States, and sources for USSE include Poland, Ukraine, 
Canada, Australia and the United States.
Coke
Thousands of tons
Coke Production
3,673
5,396
5,034 4,780
4,500
Coke Production
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024
2,000
4,000
6,000
In North America, the Flat-Rolled segment operates a cokemaking facility at the Clairton Plant of Mon Valley Works. At our 
Granite City Works, we have a coke supply agreement with Gateway that expires on June 30, 2025, with a U. S. Steel option to 
extend the supply agreement for an additional six months to December 31, 2025. Blast furnace injection of coal, and self-
generated coke oven gas is also used to reduce coke usage. 
With Flat-Rolled’s cokemaking facilities, it has the capability to be nearly self-sufficient with respect to its annual coke 
requirements at normal operating levels. Coke from time to time has been purchased from, sold to, or swapped with suppliers 
and other end-users to adjust for production needs and reduce transportation costs.
In Europe, the USSE segment operates cokemaking facilities at USSK. While USSE is self-sufficient for coke at normal operating 
levels, it periodically purchases coke from Polish and Czech coke producers to meet production needs. Volume and price are 
negotiated quarterly.
Steel Scrap and Other Materials
We believe that supplies of steel scrap and alloys that are adequate to meet our needs are readily available from outside sources 
at competitive market prices for the Flat-Rolled, Mini Mill and USSE segments. Generally, approximately 38 percent of our steel 
scrap requirements were internally generated through normal operations for these segments. 
Limestone
All of Flat-Rolled’s limestone requirements and USSE’s lime and limestone requirements are purchased from outside sources. 
We believe that supplies of limestone and lime adequate to meet our needs are readily available from outside sources at 
competitive market prices.
Zinc and Tin
We believe that supplies of zinc and tin required to fulfill the requirements for Flat-Rolled, Mini Mill and USSE are available from 
outside sources at competitive market prices. For Flat-Rolled and Mini Mill the main sources of zinc are Canada, Mexico and the 
United States and the main sources of tin are Bolivia, Brazil and Peru. For USSE, the main sources of zinc are Poland and 
Finland, and the main sources of tin are Peru, Indonesia, and Brazil. 
During 2024, Flat-Rolled protected approximately 70 percent of its operation’s zinc and tin requirements with financial swap 
derivatives to manage exposure to zinc and tin price fluctuations. For further information, see Note 16 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
17 
--- PAGE 27 END ---
Natural Gas
All of U. S. Steel’s natural gas requirements are purchased from outside sources.
We believe that adequate supplies to meet Flat-Rolled’s, Mini Mill’s and Tubular’s needs are available at competitive market 
prices. For 2024, approximately 70 percent of our natural gas purchases in Flat-Rolled were based on bids solicited on a monthly 
basis from various vendors; the remainder were made daily or with term agreements.
We believe that adequate natural gas supplies to meet USSE’s needs are available at competitive market prices. During 2024, 
due to the uncertainty in the energy market, the procurement of natural gas in USSE was based on bids solicited primarily on a 
quarterly or monthly basis, with the remainder balanced on a daily basis.
Flat-Rolled and USSE use self-generated coke oven and blast furnace gas to reduce consumption of natural gas. USSE uses 
self-generated coke oven, converter and blast furnace gas to reduce consumption of steam coal that results in lower CO 2 
emissions production.
Additionally, Russian supply of natural gas to Europe has decreased significantly in response to enacted sanctions. However, 
Slovakia has natural gas storage and access to additional supply from other locations including Norway, the U.S. and Africa. 
Together, these sources are enough to support the country’s expected consumption through the 2025 winter season, which 
includes demand for natural gas for our USSE segment operations.
Industrial Gases
U. S. Steel purchases industrial gas in the U.S. under long-term contracts with various suppliers, with an exception being at our 
Fairfield Works where the Company’s air separation plant provides for the facility’s industrial gas needs. USSE owns and 
operates its own industrial gas facility, but also may purchase industrial gases from time to time from third parties.
International Trade
U. S. Steel continues to face import competition, much of which is unfairly traded and fueled by massive global steel 
overcapacity, currently estimated to be over 630 million net tons per year—more than six times the entire U.S. steel market and 
over twenty times total U.S. steel imports. These imports and overcapacity negatively impact the Company’s operational and 
financial performance. U. S. Steel continues to lead efforts to address these challenges that threaten the Company, our workers, 
our stockholders and our country’s national and economic security.
As of the date of this filing, pursuant to a series of Presidential Proclamations issued in accordance with Section 232 of the Trade 
Expansion Act of 1962, U.S. imports of certain steel products are subject to a 25 percent tariff, except imports from: (1) 
Argentina, Brazil, and South Korea, which are subject to restrictive quotas; (2) the European Union (EU) that are melted and 
poured in the EU, within tariff rate quota (TRQ) limits through December 2025; (3) Japan that are melted and poured in Japan 
within TRQ limits; (4) United Kingdom (UK) that are melted and poured in the UK within TRQ limits; (5) Canada; (6) Mexico, if 
melted and poured in North America; (7) Ukraine, if melted and poured in Ukraine or the EU, until June 1, 2025; and (8) Australia.
The U.S. Department of Commerce (DOC) is managing a process in which U.S. companies may request and/or oppose 
temporary product exclusions from the Section 232 tariffs and quotas. U. S. Steel opposes exclusion requests for imported 
products that are the same as, or substitutes for, products manufactured by U. S. Steel. 
Multiple legal challenges to the Section 232 action continue before the U.S. Court of International Trade (CIT) and the U.S. Court 
of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (CAFC), the latter of which has consistently rejected constitutional and statutory challenges to 
the Section 232 action. Several challenges to the Section 232 action and retaliation thereto continue at the World Trade 
Organization (WTO).
Since its implementation in March 2018, the Section 232 action has supported the U.S. steel industry’s and U. S. Steel’s 
investments in advanced steel production capabilities, technology, and skills, strengthening U.S. national and economic security. 
The Company continues to actively defend the Section 232 action.
In February 2019, the European Commission (EC) implemented a definitive safeguard on global steel imports in the form of 
TRQs that impose 25 percent tariffs on steel imports that exceed the TRQ limit. The EC’s safeguard is currently set to expire in 
June 2026.
Antidumping duties (AD) and countervailing duties (CVD or antisubsidy duties) apply in addition to the Section 232 tariffs, quotas, 
TRQs and the EC’s safeguard, and AD/CVD (antidumping and countervailing duty) orders may continue beyond the Section 232 
action and the EC’s safeguard. U. S. Steel continues to actively defend and maintain the 69 U.S. AD/CVD orders and 14 EU AD/
CVD orders covering U. S. Steel products in multiple proceedings before the DOC, U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC), 
CIT, CAFC, the EC and European courts, and the WTO.
Table of Contents
18 
--- PAGE 28 END ---
In May 2024, the ITC voted to continue the AD order on tin mill products from Japan for another five years in the fourth “sunset” 
review of that order.
Also in May 2024, the EC initiated a new AD investigation on tin plate from China.
In August 2024, the EC initiated new AD investigations on EU imports of hot-rolled steel from Egypt, India, Japan, and Vietnam, 
with a preliminary decision expected by March 2025.
In September 2024, the DOC initiated new AD/CVD investigations on U.S. imports of corrosion-resistant steel (CORE) from ten 
countries based on petitions filed by U. S. Steel, Wheeling-Nippon, the USW, Nucor, and Steel Dynamics. On October 18, 2024, 
the ITC made affirmative preliminary determinations on all ten countries. The DOC will issue preliminary determinations in the 
first half of 2025.
Additional tariffs of 7.5 to 25 percent continue to apply to certain U.S. imports from China, including certain raw materials used in 
steel production, semi-finished and finished steel products, and downstream steel-intensive products, pursuant to Section 301 of 
the Trade Act of 1974. In September 2024, the Office of the United States Trade Representative (USTR) revised certain Section 
301 tariffs on U.S. imports from China, including increasing tariffs on steel from 7.5 to 25 percent; batteries from 7.5 to 25 
percent; solar cells/modules from 25 to 50 percent; and electric vehicles from 25 to 100 percent.
The United States and EU are currently negotiating a global sustainable steel arrangement to restore market-oriented conditions 
and address carbon intensity. In June 2023, to inform these ongoing discussions with the EU, USTR requested that the ITC 
conduct a Section 332 investigation to assess greenhouse gas emissions intensity of steel produced in the United States. The 
ITC initiated the Section 332 proceeding in July 2023, held a hearing on December 7, 2023, collected information from domestic 
producers through mid-2024 and will issue a report in the first quarter of 2025. U. S. Steel is actively participating in this Section 
332 investigation. In the fourth quarter of 2023, the U.S. agreed to continue the Section 232 TRQs on U.S. imports from Europe 
through December 2025 and the EU agreed to continue to suspend retaliation on U.S. exports through March 2025.  
U. S. Steel will continue to execute a broad, global strategy to maximize opportunities and navigate challenges presented by 
imports, global steel overcapacity, and international trade law and policy developments.
Environmental Stewardship
U. S. Steel is committed to effective environmental stewardship. We have implemented and continue to develop business 
practices that are designed to reduce negative environmental impacts of our operations. We believe part of being a good 
corporate citizen requires a dedicated focus on how our industry affects the environment. We have taken the actions described 
below in furtherance of that goal. U. S. Steel’s environmental expenditures totaled $354 million in 2024, $345 million in 2023, and 
$334 million in 2022. Overall, environmental compliance expenditures represented approximately 2 percent of U. S. Steel’s total 
costs and expenses in 2024, 2023, and 2022. For further information, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Environmental Matters.” 
We continue to work on the promotion of cost-effective environmental strategies by supporting the development of appropriate 
air, water and waste laws and regulations at the local, state, national and international levels. We are committed to reducing our 
emissions and are investigating, creating and implementing innovative, best practice solutions throughout our operations to 
improve our environmental performance and to manage and reduce energy consumption.
U. S. Steel’s North America operations recycled 4.8 million and 4.9 million tons of purchased and produced steel scrap annually 
in 2024 and 2023, respectively. USSK recycled approximately 787 thousand tons and 895 thousand tons of produced steel scrap 
in 2024 and 2023, respectively. Because of steel’s physical properties, our products can be recycled at the end of their useful life 
without loss of quality, contributing to steel’s high recycling rate and affordability. In 2024, our North America operations recycled 
approximately 2.5 million tons of blast furnace slag, 26 thousand tons of Basic Oxygen Process steel slag, and 114 thousand 
tons of electric arc furnace slag by selling it for use as aggregate and in highway and other construction. In 2024, USSK recycled 
approximately 1.0 million tons of blast furnace slag, and 287 thousand tons of Basic Oxygen Process steel slag. 
Many of our major production facilities have Environmental Management Systems that are certified to the ISO 14001 Standard. 
This standard, published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), provides the framework for the 
measurement and improvement of environmental impacts of the certified facility.
In 2019, and in each succeeding year since, we published the Clairton Operating and Environmental Report related to our 
Clairton Plant of Mon Valley Works. While U. S. Steel agreed to publish an annual report as part of the 2019 Allegheny County 
Health Department Settlement Order and Agreement, we took the opportunity to enhance the report by including detailed 
descriptions of our operations, our safety and environmental performance and community involvement in order to provide easily 
accessible information for the public. The report details battery combustion stack and fugitive emission performance at Clairton 
and Clairton’s continued commitment to environmental stewardship. In 2021, we published a similar report for the Edgar 
Thomson facility.
Table of Contents
19 
--- PAGE 29 END ---
Reduction of Greenhouse Gas Emissions
In 2019, the Company announced its commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions intensity across its global footprint by 20 
percent, as measured by the rate of CO 2 equivalents emitted per ton of finished steel shipped, by 2030 based on 2018 baseline 
levels. Then, in 2021, the Company announced its goal to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050, as measured by the rate of CO 2 
equivalents emitted per ton of finished steel shipped. These targets apply to U. S. Steel’s global operations.
U. S. Steel plans to achieve its greenhouse gas emissions intensity reduction goals through the execution of multiple initiatives. 
These include the use of EAF steelmaking technology at U. S. Steel’s Fairfield Works, at Big River Steel, the first LEED-certified 
steel mill in the United States and the first steel mill in North America to receive ResponsibleSteel™ site certification, and at Big 
River Steel 2. EAF steelmaking primarily relies on recycled scrap, rather than iron ore, to produce new steel products, which is a 
less carbon intensive process and leverages the ability to continuously recycle steel. Further carbon intensity reductions are 
expected to come from the implementation of ongoing energy efficiency measures, continued use of renewable energy sources 
and other process improvements to be developed.
The carbon reduction targets reflect our continued commitment to improvement in production efficiency and the manufacture of 
products that are environmentally friendly. In addition to a commitment to reduce its own greenhouse gas emissions intensity, U. 
S. Steel is committed to helping its customers achieve their environmental goals. Our industry-leading XG3™ advanced high-
strength steel enables automakers to manufacture lighter weight vehicles that meet federal Corporate Average Fuel Economy 
(CAFE) standards with reduced carbon emissions. As part of our innovation efforts, we continue to look at new steelmaking 
technologies so that we can produce steels made with low greenhouse gas emissions intensity (green steels) and further reduce 
carbon emissions.
Environmental Matters, Litigation and Contingencies
Some of U. S. Steel’s facilities were in operation before 1900. Although the Company believes that its environmental practices 
have either led the industry or at least been consistent with prevailing industry practices, hazardous materials have been and 
may continue to be released at current or former operating sites or delivered to sites operated by third parties.
Our U.S. facilities are subject to environmental laws applicable in the U.S., including the Clean Air Act (CAA), the Clean Water 
Act (CWA), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, 
Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA), as well as state and local laws and regulations.
U. S. Steel has incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance and remediation expenditures 
as a result of environmental laws and regulations, related to release of hazardous materials, which in recent years have been 
mainly for process changes to meet CAA obligations and similar obligations in Europe.
EU Environmental Requirements and Slovak Operations
Phase IV of the EU Emissions Trading System (the EU ETS) commenced on January 1, 2021, and will finish on December 31, 
2030. The European Commission issued final approval of the updated 2021-2025 Slovak National Allocation table in February 
2022. The Slovak Ministry of Environment allocated 6.2 million metric tons of European Union Emission Allowances (EUA) at no 
charge (free allowances or free allocation) to USSE in March 2024. As of December 31, 2024, we have pre-purchased 
approximately 2.22 million EUA totaling €161 million (approximately $167 million) via spot purchases or settled forwards to cover 
the 2024 shortfall of emission allowances and expected shortfall in subsequent years.
The EU’s Industrial Emissions Directive requires implementation of EU determined best available techniques (BAT) for Iron and 
Steel production to reduce environmental impacts as well as compliance with BAT associated emission levels. Total capital 
expenditures for projects to go beyond BAT requirements were €138 million (approximately $143 million). These costs were 
partially offset by the EU funding received and may be mitigated over the next measurement periods if USSK complies with 
certain financial covenants, which are assessed annually. If we are unable to meet these covenants in the future, USSK might be 
required to provide additional collateral (e.g., bank guarantee) to secure 50 percent of the EU funding received. USSK complied 
with these covenants as of December 31, 2024, and no additional collateral will be required by the end of June 30, 2025. By this 
next assessment date, we expect that nine of the fifteen total projects will pass the sustainability monitoring and will be excluded 
from further assessment to provide additional collateral if the covenants are not met. The last assessment of financial covenants 
will be performed as of June 30, 2026. 
For further discussion of laws applicable in Slovakia and the EU and their impact on USSE, see Note 26 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, “Contingencies and Commitments, Environmental Matters, EU Environmental Requirements.”
Minnesota Mining Operations - Water
The State of Minnesota has a sulfate wild rice water quality standard (WQS) set at 10mg/L, which was established in 1973. Since 
then, industry has been working with the legislature and the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency (MPCA) to reevaluate the 
environmental protection and science behind the 10 mg/L standard. In 2011, the legislature passed a law requiring MPCA to 
revise the sulfate standard. MPCA started the process to revise the rulemaking for the sulfate WQS, but it was never completed. 
During the interim the Keetac National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permits were issued in November 2011, 
Table of Contents
20 
--- PAGE 30 END ---
with a sulfate standard of 14 mg/L and a compliance schedule. Then in 2015, the Minnesota legislature passed a law that MPCA 
could not require businesses to expend funds to comply with the sulfate limit until the rulemaking was revised by MPCA as 
directed by the legislature in 2011. To date the sulfate WQS rulemaking has not been revised.
Keetac has been working to determine the best options to address sulfate. One of the options in process is a site-specific 
standard (SSS) request to MPCA for Keetac, first applied for in 2014 and then updated in 2022. The SSS presents data specific 
to the waterbody and explains the actual impact of sulfate. MPCA denied the Keetac SSS based on new agency guidance. U. S. 
Steel appealed the denial of the SSS and oral argument occurred on January 22, 2025. The United States Environmental 
Protection Agency (the U.S. EPA) partially rejected the CWA 303(d) list for impaired waters submitted by MPCA for 2021. The 
MPCA’s impaired waters list was in part rejected to add Hay Lake as being impaired for wild rice sulfate. In February 2022, the 
U.S. EPA Region V sent a letter to MPCA recognizing the conflict between state law and the CWA. In October 2023, MPCA 
indicated that Dark Lake is now a designated Wild Rice Water, carrying a 10 mg/L sulfate limit. Also in October, MPCA and U. S. 
Steel entered into a voluntary Sulfate Monitoring Plan related to operational changes with the Keetac DR pellet project. U. S. 
Steel is currently in discussions with U.S. EPA Region V concerning sulfate compliance at Keetac. This is based upon required 
monitoring submitted to the MPCA and the interpretation of the WQS for sulfate related to wild rice, even though there is an 
acknowledged conflict. It is not possible to accurately predict the outcome of this matter at this time.
U. S. Steel is continuing to work to determine the most efficient and effective options to meet the applicable sulfate standards. 
However, if MPCA does not revise the sulfate standard of 10mg/L for the receiving waters of Keetac or approve the SSS, an 
impact on mining operations is likely as a result of extensive changes to water collection and treatment that will be required. 
New and Emerging Environmental Regulations
United States and European Greenhouse Gas Emissions Regulations
The Phase IV EU ETS period spans 2021-2030 and is divided into two sub periods (2021-2025 and 2026-2030). Currently, the 
overall EU ETS target is a 40 percent reduction of 1990 emissions by 2030. Free allocation of CO 2 allowances is based on 
reduced benchmark values and historical levels of production from 2014-2018. Allocations to individual installations may be 
adjusted annually to reflect relevant increases and decreases in production. The threshold for adjustments is set at 15 percent 
and is assessed based on a rolling average of two precedent years. In 2023 and 2024, USSK received an allocation for hot metal 
in the amount corresponding to its historical average, while the allocation for sinter was slightly lower due to lower production.
Lower production in 2019 through 2023 will have an impact on the future free allocation for 2026-2030, where the historical 
production median for the years 2019-2023 is assessed. During the third quarter of 2024, USSK submitted a request for free 
allocation for the second sub period 2026-2030 to the European Commission via the Slovak Ministry of Environment. The 
decision on volume of free allocation is expected at the end of 2025.
In order to achieve the EU political goal of carbon emissions neutrality by 2050, on July 14, 2021, the European Commission 
released a package of legislative proposals called Fit for 55. The proposals contain significant changes to current EU ETS 
functions and requirements, including: a new carbon border adjustment mechanism (CBAM) to impose carbon fees on EU 
imports, further reduction of free CO 2 allowance allocation to heavy industry and measures to strengthen the supply of carbon 
allowances. The initial phase started on October 1, 2023, with only a reporting obligation without financial impact. The full scale 
of CBAM will commence on January 1, 2026. CBAM will have an impact on USSK’s free allocation starting in 2026 where initial 
reduction to 97.5% starts until 2035 with no free allocation. Another implication of CBAM is the customs duty that will require 
USSK to cover all its imports from third parties with CBAM Certificates representing embedded emissions in goods imported. The 
legislative process is being impacted by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict. The proposals are subject to the EU legislative 
process, and we cannot predict their future impact.
U. S. Steel continues to monitor emerging regulations on Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances (PFAS). The U.S. EPA has issued 
regulations on PFAS under several environmental statutes and continues to introduce additional regulations. The Company does 
not knowingly introduce PFAS in its manufacturing processes, but U. S. Steel continues to review new regulations related to 
PFAS and their potential impact to the Company.
United States - Air
The CAA imposes stringent limits on air emissions with a federally mandated operating permit program and civil and criminal 
enforcement sanctions. The CAA requires, among other things, the regulation of hazardous air pollutants through the 
development and promulgation of National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants (NESHAP) and Maximum 
Achievable Control Technology (MACT) Standards. The U.S. EPA has developed various industry-specific MACT standards 
pursuant to this requirement. The CAA requires the U.S. EPA to promulgate regulations establishing emission standards for each 
category of Hazardous Air Pollutants. The U.S. EPA also must conduct risk assessments on each source category that is already 
subject to MACT standards and determine if additional standards are needed to reduce residual risks.
While our operations are subject to several different CAA rules and categories of NESHAP and MACT standards, the principal 
impact of these standards on U. S. Steel’s operations includes those that are specific to coke making, iron making, steel making 
Table of Contents
21 
--- PAGE 31 END ---
and iron ore processing. The U.S. EPA has several rules under consideration that will impact our operations, as described in the 
sections below. While many of these rules are not finalized and the impacts are not estimable at this time, the overall cumulative 
impact could be material.
On July 13, 2020, the U.S. EPA published a Residual Risk and Technology Review rule for the Integrated Iron and Steel MACT 
category in the Federal Register. Based on the results of the U.S. EPA’s risk review, the agency determined that risks due to 
emissions of air toxics from the Integrated Iron and Steel category are acceptable and that the current regulations provided an 
ample margin of safety to protect public health. Under the technology review, the U.S. EPA determined that there are no 
developments in practices, processes or control technologies that necessitate revision of the standards. In September 2020, 
several petitions for review of the rule, including those filed by the Company, the American Iron and Steel Institute (the AISI), 
Clean Air Council and others, were filed with the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit (D.C. Circuit). The cases 
were consolidated and are being held in abeyance until the U.S. EPA reviews and responds to administrative petitions for review. 
The U.S. EPA proposed a revised iron and steel rule on July 31, 2023. U. S. Steel and other entities submitted extensive 
comments to the U.S. EPA on September 28, 2023. The U.S. EPA signed the final integrated iron and steel rule on March 11, 
2024, and it was published in the Federal Register on April 3, 2024. U. S. Steel filed a Petition for Reconsideration with the U.S. 
EPA and a Petition for Review in the D.C. Circuit challenging the final iron and steel rule on June 6, 2024. U. S. Steel sought a 
stay of the rule pending the legal challenges. The motion for stay was denied by the D.C. Circuit in November 2024 and parties 
filed a request for En Banc review on December 6, 2024. Any impacts are not estimable at this time.
For the Taconite Iron Ore Processing category, based on the results of the U.S. EPA’s risk review, the agency promulgated a final 
rule on July 28, 2020, in which the U.S. EPA determined that risks from emissions of air toxics from this source category are 
acceptable and that the existing standards provide an ample margin of safety. Furthermore, under the technology review, the 
agency identified no cost-effective developments in controls, practices, or processes to achieve further emissions reductions. 
Petitions for Review of the rule were filed in the D.C. Circuit, in which the Company and the AISI intervened. The U.S. EPA 
signed the Taconite Rule on January 31, 2024 and it was published in the Federal Register on March 6, 2024. U. S. Steel filed a 
Petition for Reconsideration with the U.S. EPA and Petitions for Review with the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth 
Circuit and the D.C. Circuit on May 3, 2024, challenging the final Taconite Rule. The Petition for Review is now with the D.C. 
Circuit and briefing is ongoing. A stay was sought and denied by the D.C. Circuit. Any impacts are not estimable at this time.
The U.S. EPA published the final Coke MACT residual risk and technology rule in the Federal Register on July 5, 2024. The final 
rule imposes lower emission limits as well as new emission limits and work practices for many emission sources at by-product 
and heat recovery coke plants. U. S. Steel is reviewing the final version of the rule to determine next steps. On August 30, 2024, 
the Company, through the American Coke and Coal Chemicals Institute (ACCCI) and Coke Environmental Task Force (COETF), 
filed a Petition for Review of the coke rule with the D.C. Circuit. On September 3, 2024, the Company separately and jointly with 
the ACCCI and COETF submitted the Petitions for Reconsideration and Administrative Stay of the final coke rule with the U.S. 
EPA. The Company through ACCCI and COETF filed a motion to stay the final coke rule with the D.C. Circuit which was denied. 
Briefing will be in 2025. Any impacts are not estimable at this time.
In response to Court orders that invalidated prior U.S. EPA determinations regarding ozone attainment interference, on April 6, 
2022, the U.S. EPA proposed a Federal Implementation Plan (that would replace several pending or disapproved State 
Implementation Plans) for Regional Ozone Transport for the 2015 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard. The proposed 
rule would affect electric generating units (EGUs) in 26 states and certain non-EGU industries, including, among several others, 
coke ovens, taconite production kilns, boilers, blast furnaces, basic oxygen furnaces, reheating furnaces, and annealing furnaces 
in 23 states, including those where U. S. Steel has operations. The U.S. EPA announced the final rule on March 15, 2023. The 
final rule only included regulation of boilers and reheat furnaces for the iron and steel industry limiting the potential impacts on 
the Company. U. S. Steel filed an administrative petition for review and a petition for judicial review to the rule on August 4, 2023. 
The matter remains before the U.S. EPA Administrator (administrative) and the D.C. Circuit (judicial). While U. S. Steel’s and 
others’ petitions to stay the effectiveness of the rule were denied by the D.C. Circuit, the Company, as well as other petitioners, 
have filed applications to stay the effectiveness of the rule with the Supreme Court of the United States (U.S. Supreme Court). 
The U.S. Supreme Court granted the stay on June 27, 2024. The effective dates of the rule will be stayed during the pendency of 
the lower court challenges. Litigation in the D.C. Circuit, in which U. S. Steel is a petitioner, remains ongoing. The U.S. EPA 
requested the D.C. Circuit remand the administrative record, which was granted, and the record was remanded on December 4, 
2024. Any impacts are not estimable at this time.
The CAA also requires the U.S. EPA to develop and implement National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) for criteria 
pollutants, which include, among others, particulate matter (PM) - consisting of PM 10 and PM2.5, lead, carbon monoxide, nitrogen 
dioxide, sulfur dioxide (SO2) and ozone.
In October 2015, the U.S. EPA lowered the NAAQS for ozone from 75 parts per billion (ppb) to 70 ppb. On November 6, 2017, 
the U.S. EPA designated most areas in which we operate as attainment with the 2015 ozone standard. In a separate ruling, on 
June 4, 2018, the U.S. EPA designated other areas in which we operate as “marginal nonattainment” with the 2015 ozone 
standard. On December 6, 2018, the U.S. EPA published a final rule regarding implementation of the 2015 ozone standard. 
Because no state regulatory or permitting actions to bring the ozone nonattainment areas into attainment have yet to be 
proposed or developed for U. S. Steel facilities, the operational and financial impact of the ozone NAAQS cannot be reasonably 
estimated at this time. On December 31, 2020, the U.S. EPA published a final rule pursuant to its statutorily required review of 
Table of Contents
22 
--- PAGE 32 END ---
NAAQS that retains the ozone NAAQS at 70 ppb. In January 2021, New York, along with several states and non-governmental 
organizations, filed petitions for judicial review of the action with the D.C. Circuit. Several other states and industry trade groups 
intervened in support of the U. S. EPA’s action. The case remains in abeyance before the court as the U.S. EPA voluntarily 
reconsiders the ozone NAAQS. On January 3, 2024, the U.S. EPA filed an unopposed motion to voluntarily remand without 
vacatur the 2020 rulemaking. In its motion, the U.S. EPA advised the court that it intends to conduct the voluntary remand 
simultaneously as it conducts an entirely new review of the ozone standard; and that it intends to complete the new review 
(which is already underway) “as expeditiously as possible”. Any impacts related to the U.S. EPA’s consideration to revise the 
ozone NAAQS are not estimable at this time. 
On December 18, 2020, the U.S. EPA published a final rule pursuant to its statutorily required review of NAAQS that retains the 
existing PM2.5 standards without revision. In early 2021, several states and non-governmental organizations filed petitions for 
judicial review of the action with the D.C. Circuit. Several industry trade groups intervened in support of the U.S. EPA’s action. 
The case remains in abeyance before the court as the U.S. EPA voluntarily reconsiders the PM 2.5 NAAQS. On January 6, 2023, 
the U.S. EPA proposed to lower the annual PM 2.5 NAAQS from the current 12 ug/m 3 standard to within the range of 9.0 to 10.0 
ug/m3. On March 6, 2024, the U.S. EPA published a final rule to significantly lower the primary annual PM 2.5 NAAQS standard 
from 12 ug/m3 to 9.0 ug/m3. In the rule, the U.S. EPA retained the primary 24-hour PM 2.5 standard at the level of 35 ug/m 3. The 
rule is being challenged by 24 states as well as trade groups in the D.C. Circuit. Because area designations and State 
Implementation Plans have not yet been made, any impacts to the Company are not estimable at this time.
Environmental Remediation
For further discussion of relevant environmental matters, including environmental remediation obligations, see “Item 3. Legal 
Proceedings, Environmental Proceedings.”
Property, Plant and Equipment Additions
For property, plant and equipment additions, including finance leases, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources” and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.
Available Information
U. S. Steel’s Internet address is www.ussteel.com
. We post our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-
Q, our proxy statement, our current reports on Form 8-K, amendments to those reports and our interactive data files to our 
website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC). We also post all press releases and earnings releases to our website.
All other filings with the SEC are available via a direct link on the U. S. Steel website to the SEC’s website, www.sec.gov.
Also available on the U. S. Steel website are U. S. Steel’s Corporate Governance Principles, Code of Ethical Business Conduct 
and the charters of the Audit Committee, the Compensation & Organization Committee and the Corporate Governance & 
Sustainability Committee of the Board of Directors. These documents and the Annual Report on Form 10-K and proxy statement 
are also available in print to any stockholder who requests them. Such requests should be sent to the Office of the Corporate 
Secretary, United States Steel Corporation, 600 Grant Street, Suite 1844, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 15219-2800 (telephone: 
412-433-1121).
U. S. Steel does not incorporate into this document the contents of any website or the documents referred to in the immediately 
preceding paragraphs.
Other Information
Information on net sales, depreciation, capital expenditures, earnings (loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization 
and assets by reportable segment and for business in the Other category and on net sales and assets by geographic area are 
set forth in Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
For significant operating data for U. S. Steel for each of the last five years, see “Five-Year Operating Summary (Unaudited)” 
within this document.
Item 1A. RISK FACTORS
Merger-Related Risk Factors
Failure to complete the Merger on a timely basis, or at all, would negatively impact our business and financial 
condition, as well as the price of our common stock.
Table of Contents
23 
--- PAGE 33 END ---
We may not be able to complete the Merger on a timely basis, or at all, including due to the failure to receive required regulatory 
approvals. The closing conditions to the Merger include clearance by CFIUS. Following referral of the transaction by CFIUS to 
the President of the United States, on January 3, 2025, the President of the United States issued an order prohibiting the Merger 
and requiring the parties to abandon the Merger Agreement within thirty days. On January 10, 2025, CFIUS granted an extension 
of that deadline to June 18, 2025.
The Company, NSC and Purchaser jointly filed a lawsuit in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit 
alleging that the President’s order blocking the Merger was issued for purely political reasons, which are irrelevant to U.S. 
national security, challenging the decision by the President of the United States and the CFIUS process as violating the 
constitutional due process rights of the Company, NSC and Purchaser, as well as the applicable statute governing CFIUS and 
the Administrative Procedure Act, and as an exercise of power that exceeded the authority provided to the President of the 
United States under the applicable statute. There is no assurance that this lawsuit will be successful, or will ultimately permit the 
Merger to be consummated. The Company, NSC and Purchaser also filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Western 
District of Pennsylvania against Cliffs, Cliffs’ Chief Executive Officer Lourenco Goncalves, and the President of the USW, David 
McCall, for engaging in a coordinated series of anticompetitive and racketeering activities illegally designed to prevent any party 
other than Cliffs from acquiring the Company as part of an illegal campaign to monopolize critical domestic steel markets. There 
is no assurance that this lawsuit will be successful.
If the Merger is not completed, our ongoing business may be adversely affected as follows: (i) we may experience negative 
reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on the market price of our common stock; (ii) some of 
management’s attention will have been directed to the Merger instead of being directed to our own operations and the pursuit of 
other opportunities that could have been beneficial to us; (iii) the manner in which customers, suppliers and other third parties 
perceive us may be negatively impacted, which in turn could affect our ability to compete for business; (iv) we may experience 
negative reactions from employees and there may be further negative impact on the relationship with the leadership of the USW; 
(v) we will have expended time and resources that could otherwise have been spent on our business; and (vi) we will not obtain 
the benefits of NSC’s commitments to the Company, including the commitments to invest at least $2.7 billion of capital and to 
share technology to protect and grow the Company. In addition, further delay in consummating the Merger could have an 
adverse effect on our operating results and adversely affect our relationships with customers and suppliers and would likely lead 
to a significant diversion of management and employee attention.
Additionally, in approving the Merger Agreement, the Board of Directors considered a number of factors and potential benefits, 
including the fact that the merger consideration to be received by holders of common stock represented a significant premium 
over the unaffected trading price, including a premium of 142% to the Company’s unaffected closing stock price of $22.72 on 
August 11, 2023, the last trading day before the Company’s announcement of the strategic alternatives review process and a 
premium of 40% to the Company’s closing stock price of $39.33 on December 15, 2023, the last trading day before public 
announcement of the Merger Agreement. If the Merger is not completed, neither the Company nor the holders of our common 
stock will realize this benefit of the Merger. Moreover, we would also have nevertheless incurred substantial transaction-related 
fees and costs and the loss of management time and resources.
Expenses related to the pending Merger are significant and will adversely affect our operating results.
We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses in connection with the pending Merger, including legal and 
investment banking fees and fees incurred in connection with the Merger-related litigation. We expect these costs to have an 
adverse effect on our operating results.
We are subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the Merger is pending, which could 
adversely affect our business.
The Merger Agreement requires us to operate in the ordinary course of business and restricts us, without the consent of 
Purchaser, from taking certain specified actions agreed by the parties to be outside the ordinary course of business until the 
pending Merger occurs or the Merger Agreement terminates. These restrictions may prevent us from pursuing otherwise 
attractive business opportunities and making other changes to our business before completion of the Merger or, if the Merger is 
not completed, termination of the Merger Agreement. In addition, matters relating to the Merger (including integration planning) 
will require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management, which could divert their time and attention.
Litigation and union grievances and disputes could result in substantial costs or other negative impacts on the 
Company.
In connection with the Merger, we (along with our directors and officers) may face lawsuits, disputes and/or other actions 
(including union grievances or actions), in addition to the lawsuits jointly filed by the Company, NSC and Purchaser described 
above. We may face additional lawsuits, disputes and/or other actions, including those brought by stockholders of the Company 
or those arising from the Merger-related litigation filed by the Company and NSC, which may seek to enjoin, prevent, and/or 
delay us from consummating the Merger or may seek damages or other relief from the Company. 
Table of Contents
24 
--- PAGE 34 END ---
One of the conditions to the closing of the Merger is the absence of any injunction or similar order issued by any government 
entity in the U.S. or other specified jurisdiction or law in the U.S. or other specified jurisdiction that has the effect of prohibiting the 
consummation of the Merger or that makes consummation of the Merger illegal. Accordingly, if any plaintiff is successful in 
obtaining an injunction prohibiting the consummation of the Merger, then such injunction may prevent the Merger from becoming 
effective, or delay its becoming effective within the expected time frame. The ultimate resolution of any such proceedings cannot 
be predicted, and defending against such claims, even those without merit, could result in substantial costs (including costs in 
connection with the defense or settlement of stockholder litigation in connection with the Merger and costs associated with our 
indemnification obligations to our directors and officers), delay, and diversion of management’s time and resources, which may 
negatively impact our financial condition and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may also file actions to 
assert our rights in connection with the Merger.
The announcement and pendency of the Merger may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of 
operations.
Whether or not the Merger is consummated, the Merger may disrupt our current plans and operations, which could have an 
adverse effect on our business and financial results. We cannot predict how our customers, distributors, suppliers and strategic 
partners will view or react to the pendency of the Merger or any of the actions being taken in pursuit of consummating the 
Merger. If we are unable to reassure our customers, distributors, suppliers and strategic partners to continue transacting 
business with us, our sales, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price may be adversely affected.
In addition, uncertainty about the effect of the Merger on our employees may have an adverse effect on our business. These 
uncertainties may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the Merger is completed and for a period of 
time thereafter. Employee retention may be particularly challenging during the pendency of the Merger. If key employees depart 
and as we face additional uncertainties relating to the Merger, our business relationships may be subject to disruption as 
customers, suppliers and other third parties attempt to negotiate changes in existing business relationships or consider entering 
into business relationships with parties other than the Company. If key employees depart or if our existing business relationships 
suffer, our results of operations may be adversely affected. The adverse effects of such disruptions could be exacerbated by 
further delay in the completion of the Merger.
The Merger Agreement contains provisions that eliminate our ability to consider alternative transaction proposals.
The Merger Agreement contains non-solicitation provisions that, subject to limited exceptions which applied prior to obtaining the 
requisite stockholder approval of the Merger, restrict our ability to solicit, initiate, or knowingly encourage or induce competing 
third-party proposals (or engage in, continue or otherwise participate in negotiations or discussions regarding such third-party 
proposals) for the acquisition of our stock or assets.
While the Merger Agreement remains in effect, these provisions would prevent us from being able to consider, negotiate or 
accept a transaction with a potential third-party acquirer that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant portion of us, 
even if the acquirer was prepared to pay consideration with a higher per share cash or market value than the market value 
proposed to be received or realized in the Merger.
If the Merger Agreement is terminated and we decide to seek another business combination, we may not be able to negotiate or 
consummate a transaction with another party on terms comparable to, or better than, the terms of the Merger Agreement.
All of the matters described above, alone or in combination, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and stock price.
Economic and Market Risk Factors
The changing global economic climate is having adverse impacts on our business, which may create new risks and exacerbate 
certain other risks set forth below. 
Changes in the global economic environment, inflation, elevated interest rates, recessions or prolonged periods of slow 
economic growth, and global instability and actual and threatened geopolitical conflict, could have an adverse effect on 
our industry and business, as well as those of our customers and suppliers.
Overall economic conditions in the U.S. and globally, including in Europe, including adverse factors such as inflation, rising or 
sustained elevated interest rates, supply chain disruptions and geopolitical conflicts, including the impacts of the war in Ukraine, 
significantly impact our business. Periods of economic downturn or continued uncertainty could result in difficulty increasing or 
maintaining our level of sales or profitability and we may experience an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, 
financial condition and cash flows.
Our U.S. operations are subject to economic conditions, including credit and capital market conditions, inflation, prevailing 
interest rates, and political factors, which if changed could negatively affect our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 
Political factors include, but are not limited to, changes to tax laws and regulations resulting in increased income tax liability, 
Table of Contents
25 
--- PAGE 35 END ---
changes in administration resulting in increased or newly imposed tariffs, increased regulation, such as carbon emissions 
limitations or trading mechanisms, limitations on exports of energy and raw materials, and trade remedies. Actions taken by the 
U.S. government could affect our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
USSE is subject to economic conditions and political factors associated with the EU, Slovakia and neighboring countries, and the 
euro currency. Changes in any of these economic conditions or political factors could negatively affect our results of operations, 
cash flows and liquidity. Political factors include, but are not limited to, taxation, nationalization, inflation, government instability, 
regional conflict, civil unrest, increased regulation and quotas, tariffs, sanctions and other market-distorting measures. Continued 
uncertainty and economic downturn in the European market throughout 2024, as well as the ongoing war in Ukraine, have had a 
broad range of adverse impacts on global economic conditions, many of which have had and are likely to continue to have 
adverse impacts on our USSE business, including increased raw material and energy costs, softer customer demand and lower 
steel prices, which led to the temporary idling of a portion of USSE’s raw steel capability at the end of 2024 until the demand 
environment improves. These uncertain conditions in the European market could lead to adverse effects on the valuation of 
USSE’s long-lived assets, which could negatively affect our results of operations through potential impairment charges. USSE 
also purchases a significant portion of its iron ore and coal from suppliers based in Ukraine. 
Additionally, we are also exposed to risks associated with the business success and creditworthiness of our suppliers and 
customers. If our customers or suppliers are negatively impacted by a slowdown in economic markets, we may face the 
reduction, delay or cancellation of customer orders, delays or interruptions of the supply of raw materials, and increased risk of 
insolvency and other credit related issues of customers or suppliers, which could delay payments from customers, result in 
increased customer defaults and cause our suppliers to delay filling, or to be unable to fill, our needs at all or on a timely or cost-
effective basis. The occurrence of any of these events may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial 
condition and cash flows. 
The steel industry, as well as the industries of our customers and suppliers upon whom we are reliant, is highly 
cyclical, which may have an adverse effect on our customer demand and results of operations.
Steel consumption is highly cyclical and generally follows economic and industrial conditions both worldwide and in regional 
markets. Price fluctuations are impacted by the timing, magnitude and duration of these cycles, and are difficult to predict. This 
volatility makes it difficult to balance the procurement of raw materials and energy with global steel prices, our steel production 
and customer product demand. U. S. Steel has implemented strategic initiatives to produce more stable and consistent results, 
even during periods of economic and market downturns, but this may not be enough to mitigate the effect that the volatility 
inherent in the steel industry has on our results of operations.
Additionally, our business is reliant on certain other industries that are cyclical in nature. We sell to the automotive, service 
center, converter, energy and appliance and construction-related industries. Some of these industries are highly sensitive to 
general economic conditions and may also face meaningful fluctuations in demand based on a number of factors outside of our 
control, including regulatory factors, supply chain disruptions, changing customer demand, economic conditions and raw material 
and energy costs. As a result, downturns or volatility in any of the markets we serve could adversely affect our financial position, 
results of operations and cash flows.
U. S. Steel has been and continues to be adversely affected by unfairly traded imports and global  overcapacity, which 
may cause downward pricing pressure, lost sales and revenue and decreased market share, production, investment, 
and profitability.
Currently, global steel production capacity significantly exceeds global steel demand, which adversely affects U.S. and global 
steel prices. Global overcapacity continues to result in high levels of dumped and subsidized steel imports into the markets we 
serve. Domestic and international trade laws provide mechanisms to address the injury caused by such imports to domestic 
industries. Excessive steel imports have resulted and may continue to result in downward pricing pressure and lost sales and 
revenue, which adversely impacts our business, operations, financial condition and cash flows.
Although U. S. Steel currently benefits from 69 U.S. AD and CVD or anti-subsidy duty orders and 14 EU AD/CVD orders, 
petitions for trade relief are not always successful or effective. When implemented, such relief is generally subject to periodic 
reviews and challenges, which can result in revocation of AD/CVD orders or reduction of effective duty rates. There can be no 
assurance that any relief will be obtained or continued in the future or that such relief will adequately combat unfairly traded 
imports.
As of the date of this filing, pursuant to a series of Presidential Proclamations issued in accordance with Section 232 of the Trade 
Expansion Act of 1962, U.S. imports of certain steel products are subject to a 25 percent tariff, except imports from: (1) 
Argentina, Brazil, and South Korea, which are subject to restrictive quotas; (2) the European Union (EU) that are melted and 
poured in the EU, within TRQ limits through December 2025; (3) Japan that are melted and poured in Japan within TRQ limits; 
(4) United Kingdom (UK) that are melted and poured in the UK within TRQ limits; (5) Canada; (6) Mexico, if melted and poured in 
North America; (7) Ukraine, if melted and poured in Ukraine or the EU, until June 1, 2025; and (8) Australia. The Section 232 
national security action on steel imports currently provides U. S. Steel and other domestic steel producers critical relief from 
imports. With no scheduled end date, the future coverage and duration of the Section 232 action is not known. Further, the U.S. 
Table of Contents
26 
--- PAGE 36 END ---
government may negotiate alternatives to the Section 232 tariffs for certain countries, similar to TRQ agreements with the EU, 
Japan, and the UK.
USTR’s review of additional tariffs of 7.5 to 25 percent on certain U.S. imports from China, including certain raw materials used in 
steel production, semi-finished and finished steel products, and downstream steel-intensive products, pursuant to Section 301 of 
the Trade Act of 1974 could change the coverage and levels of such tariffs. In September 2024, USTR revised certain Section 
301 tariffs on U.S. imports from China, including increasing tariffs on steel from 7.5 to 25 percent; batteries from 7.5 to 25 
percent; solar cells/modules from 25 to 50 percent; and electric vehicles from 25 to 100 percent.
In February 2019, the EC implemented a definitive safeguard on global steel imports in the form of TRQs. The TRQs, which 
impose 25 percent tariffs on steel imports that exceed the TRQ limit, are currently effective through June 2026.
All of the above factors present a degree of uncertainty to our financial and operational performance, our customers, and overall 
economic conditions, all of which could impact steel demand and our performance. Faced with significant import competition and 
overcapacity in various markets, we will continue to evaluate potential strategic and organizational opportunities, which may 
include exiting lines of business and the sale of certain assets, temporary shutdowns or closures of facilities. 
Shortages of skilled labor, increased labor costs or our failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel in 
the future could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our financial results.
We depend on skilled labor for the manufacture of our products. Some of our facilities are located in areas where demand for 
skilled labor often exceeds supply. Shortages of some types of skilled labor, such as electricians and qualified maintenance 
technicians, could restrict our ability to maintain or increase production rates, lead to production inefficiencies and increase our 
labor costs. Our strategic investments also require a set of job skills that is different from our prior needs. Our continued success 
executing on our strategy, and constructing and commercializing depends on the active participation of our key employees and 
ability to attract employees with different skills. We have recently observed an overall tightening and increasingly competitive 
labor market. The competitive nature of the labor markets in which we operate, the cyclical nature of the steel industry and our 
resulting needs for skilled employees increase our risk of not being able to recruit, train and retain the employees we require at 
efficient costs and on reasonable terms, and could lead to increased costs, such as increased overtime to meet demand and 
increased compensation to attract and retain employees. In addition, many companies, including U. S. Steel, have had employee 
layoffs as a result of reduced business activities during industry downturns. The loss of our key people or our inability to attract 
new key employees could adversely affect our operations. Additionally, layoffs or other adverse actions could result in an adverse 
relationship with our workforce or third-party labor providers. If we are unable to recruit, train and retain adequate numbers of 
qualified employees and third-party labor providers on a timely basis or at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, our 
business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Additionally, an overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, 
increased turnover, labor strikes or labor inflation as a result of general macroeconomic factors that affect our customers or 
suppliers could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s operations, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.
Strategic Risk Factors
Commercialization of our strategic investments in new technologies and products may not be fully successful.
Execution of our Best for All® strategy depends, in part, on the successful commercialization of a number of investments we have 
made in new facilities, technologies and products and successfully transitioning our footprint to a lower-cost, carbon and capital 
intensive model. Our Best for All ® strategy is centered around expanding our competitive advantages in low-cost iron ore, mini 
mill steelmaking, and best-in-class finishing capabilities. These competitive advantages are built on a foundation of research, 
innovation and deep customer relationships. We have expanded our low-cost iron ore competitive advantage by investing in 
ways to translate the advantage to feed our growing EAF footprint. This includes investments in a pig iron caster at the Gary 
Works facility in the fourth quarter of 2022, and DR-grade pellet capabilities in Keetac, Minnesota, completed in December 2023. 
We have expanded our mini mill steelmaking capabilities through the construction of a second mini mill facility in Osceola, 
Arkansas, which produced its first coil in October 2024. We also expanded our best-in-class finishing capabilities through 
investments in a non-grain oriented electrical steel line and galvanizing construction line at Big River Steel. In executing our 
strategy, we aim to enhance our earnings profile, deliver long-term cash flow through industry cycles and reduce our cost, 
capital, and carbon intensity. By offering the product capabilities, including the more sustainable steels our customers are 
increasingly demanding, we believe that we can achieve more competitive positioning in strategic, high-margin end markets, and 
deliver high-quality, sustainable, value-added products and innovative solutions.
Table of Contents
27 
--- PAGE 37 END ---
Successful commercialization of our strategic investments and execution of our strategy are subject to changing market 
conditions and demand for our new products, capability and cost performance, and customer adoption of new technologies. New 
product development or modification is costly, may be restricted by regulatory requirements, involves significant research, 
development, time, expense and human capital and may not necessarily result in the successful commercialization of new 
products, customer adoption of new technologies or products or new technologies may not perform as intended or expected. 
Unsuccessful commercialization and execution of these strategic investments, underperformance of any of these assets, failure 
of new products to gain market acceptance, delays or inability to achieve customer qualification standards, or limited or reduced 
demand in the marketplace could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and may limit the 
benefits of our stockholder value creation strategy.
From time to time, we engage in acquisitions, divestitures and joint ventures and may encounter difficulties in 
integrating and separating these businesses and therefore we may not realize the anticipated benefits.
As we pursue our Best for All® strategy, we may seek growth opportunities through strategic acquisitions as well as evaluate our 
portfolio for potential divestitures to optimize our business footprint and portfolio. The success of these transactions will depend 
on our ability to integrate or separate, as applicable, assets and personnel in these transactions and to cooperate with our 
strategic partners. We may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations as well as separating divested 
businesses, and in managing strategic investments. Furthermore, we may not realize the degree, or timing, of benefits we 
anticipate when we first enter into a transaction.
Additionally, we seek opportunities to monetize non-core and excess iron assets, including through real estate sales, third party 
agreements and option agreements. These opportunities may not materialize or generate the financial benefits expected. For 
example, Stelco Inc. (Stelco), a subsidiary of Cliffs, holds an option (Option) to acquire an undivided 25 percent interest in a to-
be-formed entity that will own the Company’s current iron ore mine located in Mt. Iron, Minnesota. There is a possibility that 
Stelco may not exercise its Option in the anticipated timeframe or at all. If the proposed joint venture with Stelco is not 
successful, fails to provide the benefits we expect, or is not created at all, we may in the future have more iron ore than we need 
to support the business. Additionally, the existence of the Option may deter future potential opportunities to monetize the iron ore 
assets. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
Operational and Commercial Risk Factors
Our operational footprint, unplanned equipment outages and other unforeseen disruptions may adversely impact our 
results of operations or result in idle facility costs or impairment charges.
U. S. Steel has adjusted its operating configuration to advance its Best for All ® strategy, in response to market conditions, 
including global economic volatility, declining steel prices, oil and gas industry disruption, global overcapacity and unfairly traded 
imports, and to optimize capability and cost performance, by idling and restarting production at certain facilities. Due to our 
existing operational footprint, the Company may not be able to respond in an efficient manner to fully realize the benefits from 
changing market conditions that are favorable to integrated steel producers or most efficiently mitigate the negative impacts of 
such changes. Our decisions concerning which facilities to operate and at what levels are made based upon execution of our 
Best for All® strategy, market conditions, our customers’ orders for products as well as the capabilities and cost performance of 
our locations. We may concentrate production operations at several plant locations and not operate others, and as a result we 
may incur idle facility costs or impairment charges.
Our steel production depends on the operation of critical structures and pieces of equipment, such as blast furnaces, electric arc 
furnaces, steel shops, casters, hot strip mills and various structures and operations, including information technology systems, 
that support them, as well as finishing lines at our facilities and certain of our joint ventures. While we invested in operational and 
reliability enhancements to our assets through the asset revitalization program, launched in 2017, and continue to implement 
initiatives focused on proactive maintenance of key machinery and equipment at our production facilities, we may experience 
prolonged periods of reduced production and increased maintenance and repair costs due to equipment failures at our facilities 
or those of our key suppliers.
It is also possible that operations may be disrupted due to other unforeseen circumstances such as power outages, explosions, 
fires, floods, earthquakes, pandemics, terrorism, accidents, severe weather conditions, changes in U.S., European Union and 
other foreign tariffs, free trade agreements, trade regulations, laws and policies. We are also exposed to similar risks involving 
major customers and suppliers such as force majeure events of raw materials suppliers that have occurred and may occur in the 
future. Availability of raw materials and delivery of products to customers could be affected by logistical disruptions, such as 
shortages of barges, ocean vessels, rail cars or trucks or unavailability of rail lines or of the locks on the Great Lakes or other 
bodies of water. To the extent that lost production could not be compensated for at unaffected facilities and depending on the 
length of the outage, our sales and our unit production costs could be adversely affected.
We are subject to outbreaks of infectious disease, such as risks related to the global COVID-19 pandemic, which had adverse 
impacts on economic and market conditions and our business. Public health crises, including COVID-19, have created and may 
create significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption in the regions in which we operate.
Table of Contents
28 
--- PAGE 38 END ---
The physical impacts of climate change may also have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Climate change 
may be associated with increased occurrence of extreme weather conditions, which could include, among other things, 
increased risk of flooding, extreme cold or potential heat stress at facilities and other natural disasters that may lead our 
customers to curtail or shut down production or to supply chain and operational disruptions.
We face increased competition within our industry and from alternative materials and risks concerning innovation, new 
technologies, products and increasing customer demand for lower-carbon products.
As a result of increasingly stringent regulatory requirements and increased market and technological changes driven by broader 
trends such as decarbonization and electrification efforts in response to climate change, designers, engineers and industrial 
manufacturers, especially those in the automotive industry, are increasing their use of lighter weight, less carbon intense and 
alternative materials, such as aluminum, composites, plastics and carbon fiber. Use of such materials could reduce the demand 
for our steel products or steel products generally, which may reduce our profitability and cash flow. Additionally, the trend toward 
light weighting in the automotive industry, which requires lighter gauges of steel at higher strengths, could result in lower steel 
volumes required by that industry over time.
Additionally, technologies such as direct iron reduction, oxygen-coal injection and experimental technologies such as molten 
oxide electrolysis and hydrogen flash smelting may be more cost effective than our current production methods. However, we 
may not have sufficient capital to invest in such technologies and may incur difficulties adapting and fully integrating these 
technologies into our existing operations. We may also encounter production restrictions, or not realize the cost benefit from such 
capital intensive technology adaptations to our current production processes. 
Finally, we may face increased competition due to the rapid development and rising use of digital, artificial intelligence (AI) and 
machine learning technologies. Failure to early adopt and incorporate such technologies to improve productivity, yields, 
manufacturing technology or support functional teams may put us at a long-term competitive disadvantage.
Limited availability, or volatility in prices of raw materials, scrap and energy may constrain operating levels and reduce 
profit margins.
U. S. Steel and other steel producers have periodically faced problems obtaining sufficient raw materials and energy in a timely 
manner due to delays, defaults, severe weather conditions, or force majeure events, shortages or transportation problems (such 
as shortages of barges, ore vessels, rail cars or trucks, or disruption of rail lines, waterways, or natural gas transmission lines), 
resulting in production curtailments. As a result, we may be exposed to risks concerning pricing and availability of raw materials 
and energy resources from third parties as well as logistics constraints moving our own raw materials and scrap to our plants. 
USSE purchases substantially all of its iron ore and coking coal requirements from outside sources. Any curtailments or 
escalated costs may further reduce profit margins.
U. S. Steel has agreed, and may continue to agree, to purchase raw materials and energy at prices that have been, and may be, 
above future market prices or in greater volumes than required in the future. Additionally, any future decreases in iron ore, scrap, 
natural gas, electricity and oil prices may place downward pressure on steel prices. If steel prices decline, our profit margins on 
indexed contracts and spot business could be reduced.
A failure of our information technology infrastructure and cybersecurity threats may adversely affect our business 
operations.
Despite efforts to protect confidential business information, personally identifiable information (PII), and the control systems of 
manufacturing plants, U. S. Steel systems and those of our joint ventures and third-party service providers have been and may 
be subject to cyberattacks or system breaches. System breaches can lead to theft, unauthorized disclosure, modification or 
destruction of proprietary business data, PII, or other sensitive information, to defective products, production downtime and 
damage to production assets, and the inaccessibility of key systems, with a resulting impact to our reputation, competitiveness 
and operations. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks that have resulted in unauthorized persons gaining access to our 
information technology systems and networks, and we could in the future experience similar attacks. To date, no cybersecurity 
attack has had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
While the Company continually works to safeguard our systems and mitigate potential risks, there can be no assurance that such 
actions will be sufficient to prevent cyberattacks or security breaches or mitigate all potential risks to our systems, networks and 
data, particularly with the recent proliferation and sophistication of cyberattacks and cyber intrusions around the world. The 
number of threats and events has increased substantially every year, which is expected to continue, particularly as the use of 
artificial intelligence makes these attempts look more legitimate. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity attack 
include reputational damage, investigations and/or adverse proceedings with government regulators or enforcement agencies, 
litigation with third parties, disruption to our systems, including production capabilities, unauthorized release of confidential, 
personally identifiable or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, diminution in the value of our investment in 
research, development and engineering and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could 
adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition. The amount of insurance coverage we 
maintain may be inadequate to cover claims or liabilities resulting from a cybersecurity attack.
Table of Contents
29 
--- PAGE 39 END ---
We depend on third parties for transportation services and increases in costs or the availability of transportation may 
adversely affect our business and operations.
Our business depends on the transportation of a large number of products, both domestically and internationally. We rely 
primarily on third parties, including the divested Transtar business, for transportation of the products we manufacture as well as 
delivery of our raw materials.  Any increase in the cost of the transportation of our raw materials or products, as a result of 
increases in fuel or labor costs, higher demand for logistics services, consolidation in the transportation industry or otherwise, 
may adversely affect our results of operations as we may not be able to pass such cost increases on to our customers.
Our transportation service providers may face disruptions due to weather conditions or events, strikes, labor shortages or other 
constraints. If any of these providers were to fail to deliver raw materials to us or deliver our products in a timely manner, we may 
be unable to manufacture and deliver our products in response to customer demand. In addition, if any of these third parties 
were to cease operations or cease doing business with us, we may be unable to replace them at a reasonable cost. Such failure 
of a third-party transportation provider could harm our reputation, negatively affect our customer relationships and have a 
material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.
Our 2022 Labor Agreements with the USW contain provisions that may impact certain business activities.
Our 2022 Labor Agreements with the USW contain provisions that grant the USW a limited right to bid on the Company’s sale of 
a facility (or sale of a controlling interest in an entity owning a facility) covered by the 2022 Labor Agreements, excluding public 
equity offerings and/or the transfer of assets between U. S. Steel and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The 2022 Labor Agreements 
also require a minimum level of capital expenditures (subject to approval of the Board of Directors) to maintain the competitive 
status of the covered facilities, and place certain limited restrictions on our ability to replace product produced at a covered 
facility with product produced at other than Company facilities or affiliates or U.S. or Canadian facilities with employee 
protections similar to the protections found in the 2022 Labor Agreements when the Company is operating covered facilities 
below capacity. The provisions in the 2022 Labor Agreements, as well as current or future proposed labor legislation or 
regulations, could unfavorably impact certain business activities including pricing, operating costs, margins and/or our 
competitiveness in the marketplace.
Financial Risk Factors
Our business and execution of our strategy require substantial expenditures for capital investments, debt service 
obligations, operating leases and maintenance that we may be unable to fund, which may require other actions to 
satisfy our obligations under our debt.
We have approximately $4.1 billion of long-term debt (see Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). If our cash flows 
and capital resources are insufficient to fund our planned capital expenditures or debt service obligations, we may face 
substantial liquidity problems and may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, terminate strategic 
projects, or to dispose of material assets or operations or issue additional debt or equity. We may not be able to take such 
actions, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The Credit Facility Agreement, the documents governing the 
USSK Credit Facility, the documents governing the Big River Steel ABL (Asset Based Loan) Facility and Big River Steel notes, 
and the indentures governing our existing senior unsecured notes may restrict our ability to dispose of assets and may also 
restrict our ability to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other debt when it becomes due. We may not be able to 
consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations then due. Our 
inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially 
reasonable terms or at all, would materially and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations and may place us 
at a competitive disadvantage with competitors who may have less indebtedness and other obligations or greater access to 
financing. In addition, the availability under our Credit Facility Agreement and Big River ABL Facility may be reduced if we have 
insufficient collateral, or if we do not meet a fixed charge coverage ratio test. Availability under the USSK Credit Agreement could 
be limited if USSK does not meet certain financial covenants.
Our ability to service or refinance our debt or fund investments and capital expenditures required to maintain or expand our 
business operations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic 
and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control, such as 
supply and demand conditions, inflation, prevailing interest rates, supply chain disruptions and the impacts of the war in Ukraine. 
We may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to satisfy our liquidity needs. 
In addition, the availability under certain of our debt instruments may be limited if we do not meet certain financial covenants. 
Furthermore, the agreements governing the BRS (Big River Steel) ABL Facility and other outstanding indebtedness of Big River 
Steel LLC and its subsidiaries limit their ability, subject to certain exceptions, to pay dividends or distributions or make other 
restricted payments, such that we may not be able to access the cash generated by these subsidiaries to fund our other 
expenditures.
If we cannot make scheduled payments on our debt, we will be in default and holders of our senior unsecured notes could 
declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable, the lenders under the Sixth Amended and Restated Credit 
Table of Contents
30 
--- PAGE 40 END ---
Agreement, the USSK Credit Facility and the Export Credit Agreement could terminate their commitments to loan money, 
accelerate full repayment of any or all amounts outstanding (which may result in the cross acceleration of certain of our other 
debt obligations) and the lenders could foreclose against the assets securing their borrowings and we could be forced into 
bankruptcy or liquidation. All of these events would materially and adversely affect our financial position and results of 
operations.
Furthermore, ratings agencies could downgrade our ratings either due to factors specific to our business, a prolonged cyclical 
downturn in the steel industry, macroeconomic trends such as global or regional recessions and trends in credit and capital 
markets more generally. Ratings agencies also may lower, suspend or withdraw ratings on the outstanding securities of U. S. 
Steel or Big River Steel. Any lowering, suspension or withdrawal of such ratings may have an adverse effect on the market prices 
of such securities. 
Any decline in our operating results or downgrades in our credit ratings may make raising capital or entering into any business 
transaction more difficult, lead to reductions in the availability of credit or increased cost of credit, adversely affect the terms of 
future borrowings, may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities, may have an adverse effect on the 
terms under which we purchase goods and services, and lead to reductions in the availability of credit.
We have significant retiree health care, retiree life insurance and pension plan costs, which may negatively affect our 
results of operations and cash flows.
We maintain retiree health care and life insurance and defined benefit pension plans covering many of our domestic employees 
and former employees upon their retirement. Some of these benefit plans are not fully funded, and thus will require cash funding 
in future years. Minimum contributions to domestic qualified pension plans (other than contributions to the Steelworkers Pension 
Trust (SPT) described below) are regulated under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and the 
Pension Protection Act of 2006 (PPA).
The level of cash funding for our defined benefit pension plans in future years depends upon various factors, including voluntary 
contributions that we may make, future pension plan asset performance, actual interest rates under the law, the impact of 
business acquisitions or divestitures, union negotiated benefit changes and future government regulations, many of which are 
not within our control. In addition, assets held by the trusts for our pension plan and our trust for retiree health care and life 
insurance benefits are subject to the risks, uncertainties and variability of the financial markets. Future funding requirements 
could also be materially affected by differences between expected and actual returns on plan assets, actuarial data and 
assumptions relating to plan participants, the discount rate used to measure the pension obligations and changes to regulatory 
funding requirements. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” 
and Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of assumptions and further information associated with 
these benefit plans. 
U. S. Steel contributes to a domestic multiemployer defined benefit pension plan, the SPT, for USW-represented employees 
formerly employed by National Steel and represented employees hired after May 2003. We have legal requirements for future 
funding of this plan should the SPT become significantly underfunded or we decide to withdraw from the plan. Either of these 
scenarios may negatively impact our future cash flows. The 2022 Labor Agreements increased the contribution rate for most 
steelworker employees. Collectively bargained company contributions to the plan could increase further as a result of future 
changes agreed to by the Company and the USW.
The accounting treatment of goodwill, equity method investments and other long-lived assets could result in future 
asset impairments, which would reduce our earnings.
We periodically test our goodwill, equity method investments and other long-lived assets to determine whether their estimated 
fair value is less than their value recorded on our balance sheet. The results of this testing for potential impairment may be 
adversely affected by uncertain market conditions for the global steel industry and general economic conditions. If we determine 
that the fair value of any of these assets is less than the value recorded on our balance sheet, and, in the case of equity method 
investments the decline is other than temporary, we would likely incur a non-cash impairment loss that would negatively impact 
our results of operations. We have incurred asset impairment charges in recent years, including during the year ended 
December 31, 2024, and there can be no assurances that continued market dynamics or other factors may not result in future 
impairment charges.
We are subject to foreign currency risks, which may negatively impact our profitability and cash flows.
The financial condition and results of operations of USSE are reported in euros and then translated into U.S. dollars at the 
applicable exchange rate for inclusion in our financial statements. The appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the euro negatively 
affects our Consolidated Results of Operations. International cash requirements have been and in the future may be funded by 
intercompany loans, which may create intercompany monetary assets and liabilities in currencies other than the functional 
currencies of the entities involved, which can have a non-cash impact on income when they are remeasured at the end of each 
period. Procurement of equipment of announced strategic projects may be denominated in foreign currencies, which could 
adversely affect the costs of these projects.
Table of Contents
31 
--- PAGE 41 END ---
In addition, foreign producers, including foreign producers of subsidized or unfairly traded steel with foreign currency 
denominated costs may gain additional competitive advantages or target our home markets if the U.S. dollar or euro exchange 
rates strengthen relative to those producers’ currencies. Volatility in the markets and exchange rates for foreign currencies and 
contracts in foreign currencies could have a significant impact on our reported financial results and condition.
Financial regulatory frameworks introduced by U.S. and EU regulators may limit our financial flexibility or increase our 
costs.
We use swaps, forward contracts and similar agreements to mitigate our exposure to volatility, which entails a variety of risks. 
The Commodity Future Trading Commission’s Dodd Frank and the EU’s European Market Infrastructure Regulation and other 
government agencies’ regulatory frameworks can limit the Company’s ability to hedge interest rate, foreign exchange (FX), or 
commodity pricing exposures, which could expose us to increased economic risk. These frameworks may introduce additional 
compliance costs or liquidity requirements. Some counterparties may cease hedging as a result of increased regulatory cost 
burdens, which in turn may reduce U. S. Steel’s ability to hedge its interest rate, FX or commodity exposures.
We are a party to various legal proceedings, the resolution of which could negatively affect our profitability and cash 
flows in a particular period.
We are involved at any given time in various litigation matters, including administrative and regulatory proceedings, 
governmental investigations, environmental matters and commercial disputes. Our profitability and cash flows in a particular 
period could be negatively affected by an adverse ruling or settlement in any legal proceeding or investigation. While we believe 
that we have taken appropriate actions to mitigate and effectively manage these risks, due to the nature of our operations, these 
risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings or investigations may arise from time to time.
Additionally, we may be subject to product liability claims that may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of 
operations and cash flows. Events such as well failures, line pipe leaks, blowouts, bursts, fires and product recalls could result in 
claims that our products or services were defective and caused death, personal injury, property damage or environmental 
pollution. The insurance we maintain may not be adequate, available to protect us in the event of a claim, or its coverage may be 
limited, canceled or otherwise terminated, or the amount of our insurance may be less than the related impact on our enterprise 
value after a loss. We establish reserves based on our assessment of contingencies, including contingencies for claims asserted 
against us in connection with litigation, arbitrations and environmental issues. Adverse developments in litigation, arbitrations, 
environmental issues or other legal proceedings may affect our assessment and estimates of the loss contingency recorded as a 
reserve and require us to make payments in excess of our reserves, which could negatively affect our operations, financial 
results and cash flows.  See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further 
details.
Regulatory
 Risk Factors
Compliance with existing and new environmental regulations, environmental permitting and approval requirements may 
result in delays or other adverse impacts on planned projects, our results of operations and cash flows.
Steel producers in the U.S., along with their customers and suppliers, are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and 
regulations relating to the protection of the environment. These laws and regulations concern the generation, storage, 
transportation, treatment, disposal, release, emission or discharge of pollutants, contaminants, petroleum, and hazardous 
substances into the environment, the reporting of such matters, and the general protection of public health and safety, natural 
resources, wildlife and the environment. Steel producers in the EU are subject to similar laws. These laws and regulations 
continue to evolve and are becoming increasingly stringent. For example, the U.S. EPA has proposed to lower the NAAQS for 
fine particulate matter (PM 2.5), which would result in stringent and costly requirements to control emissions from existing 
operations and restrictions on new projects. The ultimate impact of complying with such laws and regulations is not always 
clearly known or determinable because regulations under some of these laws have not yet been promulgated, and the subject of 
ongoing litigation or are undergoing revision, and new versions or interpretations of existing laws may take effect. Additionally, 
compliance with certain of these laws and regulations, such as the CAA and state and local requirements governing air 
emissions, could result in substantially increased capital requirements and operating costs and could require changes to the 
equipment or facilities we operate. Compliance with current or future laws and regulations could entail substantial costs and 
could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. The amount and timing of environmental expenditures 
is difficult to predict.
In addition, the Company must obtain, maintain and comply with numerous permits, leases, approvals, consents and certificates 
from various governmental authorities in connection with the construction and operation of new production facilities or 
modifications to existing facilities. In connection with such activities, the Company may need to make significant capital and 
operating expenditures to detect, repair and/or control air emissions, to control water discharges or to perform certain corrective 
actions to meet the conditions of the permits issued pursuant to applicable environmental laws and regulations. 
Table of Contents
32 
--- PAGE 42 END ---
There can be no assurance that future approvals, licenses and permits will be granted or that we will be able to maintain and 
renew the approvals, licenses and permits we currently hold. Failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our results 
of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, compliance with environmental permitting and approval requirements may be costly 
and time consuming and could result in delays or other adverse impacts on planned projects, our results of operations and cash 
flows.
Failure to comply with legal requirements, including permits, leases, approvals, consents and certificates, may result in 
administrative, civil and criminal penalties, and revocation of permits and our authority to conduct business or construct certain 
facilities, substantial fines or sanctions, or citizens’ suits or enforcement actions (including orders limiting our operations or 
requiring corrective measures), among other consequences.
We have significant environmental remediation costs that negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows.
Various environmental laws impose liability on a current or former owner or operator of real property for investigation or cleanup 
of hazardous substances or petroleum products at, on, under or migrating from our currently or formerly owned or leased real 
property. Some of U. S. Steel’s current and former facilities were in operation before such environmental regulations were in 
place. Hazardous materials associated with those facilities have been and may continue to be encountered at current or former 
operating sites or delivered to sites operated by third parties. In some cases, liability may be imposed without regard to 
contribution or to whether we knew of, or caused, the release of hazardous substances. Liability under these laws may be joint 
and several, meaning that we could be required to bear 100% of the liability even if other parties are also liable. U. S. Steel is 
involved in numerous remediation projects at currently operating facilities, facilities that have been closed or sold to unrelated 
parties and other sites where material generated by U. S. Steel was deposited. In addition, there are numerous other former 
operating or disposal sites that could become subject to remediation, which may negatively affect our results of operations and 
cash flows. Contamination at our current properties could result in limitations on or interruptions to our operations and liens in 
favor of the government for costs the government incurs in cleaning up contamination. In addition, we may be liable for the costs 
of investigating or remediating contamination at off-site waste facilities where we have arranged for the disposal, or treatment of 
hazardous substances, without regard to whether we complied with environmental laws in doing so. 
Reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from steelmaking operations to meet corporate targets or comply with new 
regulations as well as stakeholder expectations and mitigate potential physical impacts of climate change could 
significantly increase costs to manufacture future materials or reduce the amount of materials being manufactured.
Iron and steel producers around the world are facing mounting pressure to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from operations. 
The majority of greenhouse gas emissions from the production of iron and steel are caused by the combustion of fossil fuels, the 
use of electrical energy, and the use of coal, lime, and iron ore as feedstock. The two main production processes are the 
integrated route of blast furnace ironmaking in combination with basic oxygen furnace steelmaking (BOF) and the alternative 
route of electric arc furnace steelmaking. Both routes generate greenhouse gas emissions with the latter process, involving the 
electric arc melting of a majority of steel scrap, generating less than half that of the traditional integrated steelmaking process. 
Federal, state and local governmental agencies within the United States may introduce regulatory changes in response to the 
potential impacts of climate change, including the introduction of carbon emissions limitations or trading mechanisms, and 
changes in U.S. administration may result in new or significantly different regulations than those currently impacting or likely to 
impact the Company. Any such regulation regarding climate change and GHG emissions could impose significant costs on our 
operations and on the operations of our customers and suppliers, including increased energy, capital equipment, emissions 
controls, environmental monitoring and reporting and other costs in order to comply with current or future laws or regulations 
concerning climate change and GHG emissions. Any adopted future climate change and GHG regulations could negatively 
impact our ability, and that of our customers and suppliers, to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to or not 
complying with such limitations. Inconsistency of regulations may also change the attractiveness of the locations of some of the 
Company’s assets and investments. In addition, changes in certain environmental regulations, including those that may impose 
output limitations or higher costs associated with climate change or greenhouse gas emissions, could substantially increase the 
cost of manufacturing and raw materials to us and other steel producers. For additional details, see “Part I – Item 1, Business – 
New and Emerging Environmental Regulations – United States and European Greenhouse Gas Emissions Regulations” above.
Additionally, the European Union has established aggressive CO 2 reduction targets of 40 percent by 2030, against a 1990 
baseline, and full carbon neutrality by 2050. As part of the European Green Deal the Commission proposed in September 2020 
to raise the 2030 reduction target to at least 55 percent compared to 1990. The new target has since been endorsed by the 
European Parliament. An emission trading system (ETS) was established to encourage compliance with set emissions reduction 
targets. These aggressive targets require drastic measures within the steel industry to comply. The transition to EAF technology, 
as well as incremental gains in energy reduction, use of renewable energy, hydrogen-based steelmaking and continued asset 
and process improvements are expected to reduce our GHG footprint. However, the development of breakthrough technologies 
is likely required to continue the path of low to no carbon footprint in the steel industry. Implementation of new technologies will 
most likely require significant amounts of capital and an abundant source of low-cost hydrogen and/or green power, most likely 
leading to an increase in the cost of future steelmaking. In addition, the cost of emission allowances is forecast to increase, along 
with the number of allowances decreasing in the next several years.  The price of CO 2 emission allowances was 71 euro per 
metric ton as of December 31, 2024, and forecasts call for potential prices exceeding 100 euro per metric ton in future years. 
Table of Contents
33 
--- PAGE 43 END ---
Environmental, social and governance matters may impact our business and reputation.
In addition to the changing rules and regulations related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters imposed by 
governmental and self-regulatory organizations such as the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange, a variety of third-party 
organizations, institutional investors and customers evaluate the performance of companies on ESG topics, and the results of 
these assessments are widely publicized. These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and 
are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention 
spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. Reduced access to or increased cost of capital may occur 
as financial institutions and investors increase expectations related to ESG matters.
Developing and acting on initiatives within the scope of ESG, and collecting, measuring and reporting ESG-related information 
and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming and is subject to evolving reporting standards. We may also communicate 
certain initiatives and goals, regarding environmental matters, diversity, social investments and other ESG-related matters, in our 
SEC filings or in other public disclosures. These initiatives and goals within the scope of ESG could be difficult and expensive to 
implement, the technologies needed to implement them may not be cost effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace, and 
we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure. Furthermore, statements about our ESG-
related initiatives and goals, and progress against those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still 
developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. In 
addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any revisions to these goals. If our ESG-
related data, processes and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our goals, 
including our previously announced commitments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, within the scope of ESG on a timely 
basis, or at all, our reputation, business, financial performance and growth could be adversely affected. In addition, in recent 
years “anti-ESG” sentiment has gained momentum across the U.S., with several states and Congress having proposed or 
enacted “anti-ESG” policies, legislation, or initiatives or issued related legal opinions, and the President having recently issued an 
executive order opposing diversity equity and inclusion (“DEI”) initiatives in the private sector. Such anti-ESG and anti-DEI-
related policies, legislation, initiatives, litigation, legal opinions, and scrutiny could result in U. S. Steel facing additional 
compliance obligations, becoming the subject of investigations and enforcement actions, or sustaining reputational harm.
New and changing data privacy laws and cross-border transfer requirements could have a negative impact on our 
business and operations.
Our business depends on the processing and transfer of data between our affiliated entities, to and from our business partners, 
and with third-party service providers, and of our employees, which may be subject to data privacy laws and/or cross-border 
transfer restrictions. In North America and Europe, new legislation and changes to the requirements or applicability of existing 
laws, as well as evolving standards and judicial and regulatory interpretations of such laws, may impact U. S. Steel’s ability to 
effectively process and transfer data both within the United States and across borders in support of our business operations and/
or keep pace with specific requirements regarding processing and safeguarding personal information. While U. S. Steel takes 
steps to comply with these legal requirements, non-compliance could lead to possible administrative, civil, or criminal liability, as 
well as reputational harm to the Company and its employees. The costs of compliance with privacy laws and the potential for 
fines and penalties in the event of a breach may have a negative impact on our business and operations.
Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
Item 1C. CYBERSECURITY
Risk Management and Strategy
U. S. Steel maintains robust processes for identifying, assessing, and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. U. S. 
Steel’s cybersecurity program is based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”) Cybersecurity Framework, 
and the risk of cybersecurity threats is integrated into the Company’s Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) program, led by the 
Chief Risk Officer. The ERM program includes an annual risk prioritization process to identify key enterprise risks. Each key risk 
is assigned risk owners to establish action plans and implement risk mitigation strategies. The cybersecurity threat risk action 
plan is managed at the enterprise level by the Senior Vice President – Business Development and President, USSE, the Vice 
President & Chief Information Officer (the “CIO”) and the Chief Information Security Officer (the “CISO”). Each quarter, the risk 
owners review and update the cybersecurity threat risk action plan to provide the status on specific risk mitigation actions and to 
identify new threats. U. S. Steel works closely with its internal and external auditors to assess, plan for, prevent and mitigate 
cybersecurity risks.
The Company maintains a Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan (CSIRP), which establishes an organizational framework and 
guidelines intended to facilitate an effective response and handling of cybersecurity incidents that could jeopardize the 
availability, integrity, or confidentiality of U. S. Steel’s assets. The CSIRP outlines roles and responsibilities, criteria for measuring 
the severity of a cybersecurity incident, and an escalation framework. The CSIRP also addresses senior management 
responsibility with respect to disclosure determinations related to a cybersecurity incident and provides for Audit Committee and 
Board briefings as appropriate. Along with the CSIRP, management sustains numerous programs and processes to stay 
Table of Contents
34 
--- PAGE 44 END ---
informed about and monitor the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. The list of 
cybersecurity programs and processes described below is not meant to be exhaustive, but to provide examples of such 
programs and processes.
The Company engages with third party cybersecurity specialists to provide an independent assessment of U. S. Steel’s 
cybersecurity programs and to prepare a 5-year plan to maintain compliance and operational excellence. Management 
periodically reviews the 5-year plan and modifies it in response to changes in the threat landscape and otherwise as needed. 
Management employs in-depth defense mechanisms throughout the enterprise, including, but not limited to, employee training, 
vulnerability management, multi-factor authentication, cybersecurity insurance and table top exercises to mitigate and/or prevent 
cybersecurity incidents. The Company conducts security assessments of certain third party providers before and periodically 
throughout their engagement and has established procedures intended to mitigate risks related to security incidents originating 
from third parties. For example, management assesses the cybersecurity proficiency of potential third party cloud suppliers 
before utilizing their services. The assessment identifies cybersecurity-related risks and makes recommendations to enhance the 
security of new cloud computing services.
A cybersecurity incident may be detected in a number of ways, including, but not limited to, through automated reporting 
mechanisms, network and system indicators, intrusion detection systems, internal investigations, employee reports, law 
enforcement reports, or other third party notification. To oversee and identify cybersecurity threat risks on a day-to-day basis, 
including from third party service providers, the Company maintains a security operations center with round-the-clock monitoring, 
and the CIO receives regular reports on industry activity.
Upon receiving notification of a cybersecurity incident, the cybersecurity operations team acts to isolate and contain the threat. 
The CISO, along with the Chief Safety & Security Officer, will consult and determine the incident severity level, which determines 
whether the incident should be escalated. Critical and high severity incidents must be reported to the General Counsel. The 
Company may engage third party experts for assistance with crisis management, including forensic investigations, ransom 
negotiation, or crisis communication. During this process, the cybersecurity operations team will take steps to preserve evidence 
as soon as possible, including, but not limited to, memory dumps, log preservation and forensic hard drive collection. In addition, 
the General Counsel, in consultation with the CISO and others as necessary and appropriate, will promptly evaluate whether the 
incident requires legal notifications or disclosure, including whether the incident requires disclosure under the U. S. securities 
laws.
Following a cybersecurity incident, the General Counsel will direct the development of documentation regarding lessons learned 
in the response, including evaluation of preparedness capability, to continuously strengthen the cybersecurity posture of the 
Corporation.
Management has not identified risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, that 
have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect U. S. Steel, including its business strategy, results of 
operations or financial condition. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors, A failure of our information technology infrastructure and 
cybersecurity threats may adversely affect our business operations. ” above for more information. While we continually work to 
safeguard the information systems we use, and the proprietary, confidential and personal information residing therein, and 
mitigate potential risks, there can be no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity incidents or 
mitigate all potential risks to such systems, networks and data or those of our third party providers.
Governance
The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing the assessment and management of enterprise-level risks that may impact 
U. S. Steel. The Audit Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing risk management, including oversight of risks from 
cybersecurity threats. Management, including the CIO and CISO, reports on cybersecurity matters regularly to the Board, 
primarily through the Audit Committee, including an annual report regarding specific risks and mitigation efforts within U. S. Steel 
and a 5-year cybersecurity threat assessment conducted by third party experts. Management provides benchmarking information 
and updates on key operational and compliance metrics to the Board. In addition, cybersecurity training is provided to the full 
Board of Directors, including training by third party experts, to educate directors on the current cybersecurity threat environment 
and measures companies can take to mitigate risk and impact of cyberattacks.
As described above, management is actively involved in assessing and managing U. S. Steel’s material cybersecurity risks. The 
CIO and the CISO primarily lead these efforts. The CIO is responsible for the oversight of U. S. Steel’s entire global IT operation, 
including the cybersecurity program, and holds a Bachelor of Science in operations research and industrial engineering and a 
Bachelor of Arts in economics from Cornell University, as well as a Master of Science in engineering and Master of Business 
Administration from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. The CIO’s previous work experience includes holding the position of 
CIO at a $25 billion manufacturing conglomerate and a $7 billion energy company. The CISO reports directly to the CIO and has 
responsibility for leadership of U. S. Steel’s global cybersecurity program. She holds a bachelor’s degree in Information Systems 
Management, a master’s degree in Internet Information Systems, and a doctorate in Instructional Management and Leadership. 
The CISO also completed the Chief Information Security Officer Certificate program at Carnegie Mellon University, where she 
now serves as a coach for the program, and holds a Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) certification. 
Table of Contents
35 
--- PAGE 45 END ---
She is an active member of the Greater Pittsburgh CISO Group and the Steel City OTSEC Information Sharing Group, and 
serves on the Editorial Review Board for two peer-reviewed journals (International Journal of Cyber Research and International 
Journal of Information and Communication Technology Education).
Item 2. PROPERTIES
See Item 1. Business, Facilities and Locations for listings of U. S. Steel’s main properties, their locations and their products and 
services.
U. S. Steel and its predecessors have owned their properties for many years with no material adverse title claims asserted. In the 
case of Great Lakes Works, Granite City Works, the Midwest Plant and Keetac iron ore operations, U. S. Steel or its subsidiaries 
are the beneficiaries of bankruptcy laws and orders providing that properties are held free and clear of past liens and liabilities. In 
addition, U. S. Steel or its predecessors obtained title insurance, local counsel opinions or similar protections when significant 
properties were initially acquired or since acquisition.
At the Midwest Plant in Indiana, U. S. Steel has a supply agreement for various utility services with a company that owns a 
cogeneration facility located on U. S. Steel property. The Midwest Plant agreement expires in 2028.
U. S. Steel leases its headquarters office space in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
For property, plant and equipment additions, including finance leases, see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Liquidity and Capital Resources” and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.
Table of Contents
36 
--- PAGE 46 END ---
Mining Properties
Summary Overview of Mining Operations
U. S. Steel operates two surface iron ore mining complexes in Minnesota consisting of the Minntac Mine and Pellet Plant and the 
Keetac Mine and Pellet Plant, which are wholly owned by the Company. As of December 31, 2024, U. S. Steel owns a minority 
interest in the iron ore mining assets of Hibbing Taconite Company.
The following table provides a summary of the net book value of the land and PP&E at the Minntac and Keetac mines as of 
December 31, 2024:
Gross Accumulated Net Book
(in millions) Value Depreciation Value
Minntac Mine and Pellet Plant
Land $ 35 $ — $ 35 
Other property, plant and equipment  1,780  1,359  421 
Total $ 1,815 $ 1,359 $ 456 
Keetac Mine and Pellet Plant
Land $ 7 $ — $ 7 
Other property, plant and equipment  505  224  281 
Total $ 512 $ 224 $ 288 
The following table provides a summary of our mineral production by mining complex for each reportable period:
Iron Ore Pellets Production
(Millions of short tons) 2024 2023 2022
Iron Ore Pellets
Minntac Mine and Pellet Plant 15.5 15.5 15.1
Keetac Mine and Pellet Plant 5.8 5.5 5.9
Hibbing Taconite Company (1) 0.9 1.1 0.9
Total 22.2 22.1 21.9
(1) Represents U. S. Steel’s proportionate share of production as these investments are unconsolidated equity affiliates.
We engaged DRA Global and Barr Engineering Co. (“DRA”) to provide feasibility studies and technical report summaries for our 
material mining operations at Minntac and Keetac in 2023. Indicated and inferred mineral resources and probable mineral reserve 
information for the Minntac and Keetac mines were updated based on those DRA estimations. Changes as a result of this study 
were due to improved resource and reserve estimation methodology. The majority shareholders of the Hibbing Taconite Company 
separately engaged qualified persons to perform the same procedures at the Hibbing Taconite Mine in 2024. Accordingly, the 
figures below for the Hibbing Taconite Mine were provided by the majority shareholders using the reports provided by the qualified 
persons. The tables showing resources and reserves by mining property were prepared using the results of the procedures 
performed by the qualified persons designated by each organization, which have no affiliation with or interest in our material 
mining properties.
Item 302 of Regulation S-K requires registrants to file the technical report summary as an exhibit to the Form 10-K filing when 
disclosing for the first time mineral reserves or resources or when there has been a material change in the mineral reserves or 
resources since the last technical report summary filed for the properties. The Company did not have material changes to its 
reserves or resources during 2024, nor is it disclosing mineral reserves or resources for the first time. Accordingly, the technical 
report summary is not filed as an exhibit with this Form 10-K. 
Minntac Mine and Pellet Plant
The Minntac Mine and Pellet Plant is located in Mountain Iron, Minnesota and is wholly owned and operated by U. S. Steel. On 
April 30, 2020, the Company granted Stelco Inc. (Stelco), a subsidiary of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., a purchase option to acquire a 25 
percent interest in the Minntac mining operations. The option can be exercised at any time before January 31, 2027. For more 
information regarding the purchase option, please see Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The Minntac Mine has 
25,420 acres of surface rights. The surface mine is in the production stage whereby taconite iron ore is mined using the Truck-
Shovel method. The mine is approximately 57 years old and has been operated by U. S. Steel since 1967. For discussions 
regarding encumbrances, violations, fines, etc. related to the Minntac Mine, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
Table of Contents
37 
--- PAGE 47 END ---
The following table provides details of our iron ore resources and reserves at Minntac as of December 31, 2024, and 
December 31, 2023. Resources below are stated exclusive of reserves.
Minntac Mine and Pellet Plant
Amount Grades/Qualities Cut-off Grades
Metallurgical 
Recovery
(Millions of short tons)
Pellets 
2024
Pellets 
2023
Change 
(%) MagFe%
Concentrate 
Silica %
Min 
MagFe %
Max 
Concentrate 
Silica %
Weight 
Recovery %
Measured mineral resources  —  —  — %  —  —  —  —  — 
Indicated mineral resources  234.2  234.2  — %  18.19 5.82  14.00 9.99 26.98
Measured + indicated mineral 
resources  234.2  234.2  — %  18.19 5.82  14.00 9.99 26.98
Inferred mineral resources  96.7  96.7  — %  18.29 6.22  14.00 9.99 27.31
Proven mineral reserves  —  —  — %  —  —  —  —  — 
Probable mineral reserves  265.0  280.5  (6) %  19.11 6.20  14.00 9.99 28.55
Total mineral reserves  265.0  280.5  (6) %  19.11 6.20  14.00 9.99 28.55
Keetac Mine and Pellet Plant
The Keetac Mine and Pellet Plant is located in Keewatin, Minnesota and is wholly owned and operated by U. S. Steel. The Keetac 
Mine has 18,020 acres of surface rights. The surface mine is in the production stage whereby taconite iron ore is mined using the 
Truck-Shovel method. The mine is approximately 57 years old and has been operated by U. S. Steel since 2003, when it was 
acquired as part of the Company’s purchase of National Steel Corporation. For discussions regarding encumbrances, violations, 
fines, etc. related to the Keetac Mine, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
Table of Contents
38 
--- PAGE 48 END ---
The following table provides details of our iron ore resources and reserves at Keetac as of December 31, 2024, and 
December 31, 2023. Resources below are stated exclusive of reserves.
Keetac Mine and Pellet Plant
Amount Grades/Qualities Cut-off Grades
Metallurgical 
Recovery
(Millions of short 
tons)
DR Grade 
Pellets 
2024
DR Grade 
Pellets 
2023
Pellets 
2024
Pellets 
2023
Change 
(%) MagFe%
Concentrate 
Silica %
Min 
MagFe %
Max 
Concentrate 
Silica %
Weight 
Recovery %
Measured mineral 
resources  —  —  —  —  — %  —  —  —  —  — 
Indicated mineral 
resources  153.3  153.3  214.7  214.7  — %  18.88  3.45  14.00  9.99  27.31 
Measured + 
indicated mineral 
resources  153.3  153.3  214.7  214.7  — %  18.88  3.45  14.00  9.99  27.31 
Inferred mineral 
resources  108.9  108.9  163.2  163.2  — %  18.39  4.37  14.00  9.99  26.83 
Proven mineral 
reserves  —  —  —  —  — %  —  —  —  —  — 
Probable mineral 
reserves  125.9  126.4  175.3  180.6  (2) %  19.36  3.82  14.00  9.99  28.00 
Total mineral 
reserves  125.9  126.4  175.3  180.6  (2) %  19.36  3.82  14.00  9.99  28.00 
Hibbing Taconite Mine
U. S. Steel maintains a minority interest in the Hibbing Taconite Mine, which is majority-owned by Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. and located 
in Hibbing, Minnesota. The Hibbing Mine has 30,705 acres of surface rights, of which 1,150 acres are associated with mineral 
leases. The majority of the mineral rights are leased. The property is comprised of 7,417 acres of mineral leases expiring between 
2025 and 2056. The taconite iron ore mine is currently in the production stage.
The following table provides details of our proportionate share of iron ore pellet resources and reserves at Hibbing as of 
December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023. Resources below are stated exclusive of reserves.
Table of Contents
39 
--- PAGE 49 END ---
Hibbing Taconite Company (1)
Amount Grades/Qualities
(Millions of short tons) Pellets 2024 Pellets 2023 Change (%) MagFe%
Measured mineral resources  0.4  0.4  — %  19.20 
Indicated mineral resources  —  —  — %  18.70 
Measured + indicated mineral resources  0.4  0.4  — %  19.20 
Inferred mineral resources  —  —  — %  — 
Proven mineral reserves  3.1  2.2  40.91 %  18.96 
Probable mineral reserves  0.2  0.4  (50.00) %  18.96 
Total mineral reserves  3.3  2.6  26.92 %  18.96 
(1) Represents U. S. Steel’s proportionate share of proven and probable reserves and production as these investments are unconsolidated equity 
affiliates.
Internal Controls
U. S. Steel estimates its iron ore resources and reserves using exploration drill holes, physical inspections, sampling, laboratory 
testing, 3-D computer models, economic pit analysis and fully-developed pit designs for its operating mines. Estimates for our 
share of unconsolidated equity affiliates are based upon information supplied by the joint ventures. Refer to sections 2 and 3 of 
the technical report summaries filed as Exhibit 96.1 to the 2023 Form 10-K for further details.
Table of Contents
40 
--- PAGE 50 END ---
Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
On January 6, 2025, the Company, NSC and Purchaser jointly filed lawsuits related to the Merger. A Petition for Review was filed 
in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit alleging that the President’s order blocking the Merger 
was issued for purely political reasons, which are irrelevant to U.S. national security, challenging the decision by the President of 
the United States and the CFIUS process as violating the constitutional due process rights of the Company, NSC and Purchaser, 
as well as the applicable statute governing CFIUS and the Administrative Procedure Act, and as an exercise of power that 
exceeded the authority provided to the President of the United States under the applicable statute. The Petition names as 
respondents Joseph R. Biden, in his official capacity as President of the United States, CFIUS, Janet L. Yellen, in her official 
capacity as Secretary of the Treasury and Chairperson of CFIUS, and Merrick B. Garland, in his official capacity as United States 
Attorney General. The Petition asks the Court to set aside the unlawful CFIUS review process and the President’s accompanying 
order, and to instruct CFIUS to conduct a new review of the Merger that is consistent with the petitioners’ due process rights and 
its own statutory obligations. Also on January 6, 2025, the Company, NSC and Purchaser jointly filed a Complaint and motion for 
a preliminary injunction and for an expedited hearing in the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania 
against Cliffs, Cliffs’ Chief Executive Officer Lourenco Goncalves, and the President of the USW, David McCall, for engaging in a 
coordinated series of anticompetitive and racketeering activities illegally designed to prevent any party other than Cliffs from 
acquiring the Company as part of an illegal campaign to monopolize critical domestic steel markets. This suit asserts antitrust 
claims under Sections 1 and 2 of the Sherman Act, violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act, 
and tortious interference claims and seeks an injunction preventing Cliffs, Mr. Goncalves, and Mr. McCall from engaging in 
further collusive and anticompetitive behavior, and to impose substantial monetary damages for their conduct.
Following announcement of the Merger, the Company received eleven demand letters from putative stockholders (collectively, 
the “Demand Letters”) alleging that the disclosures contained in the preliminary proxy statement, as amended, and/or the 
definitive proxy statement, in each case filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with a special meeting 
of stockholders to consider the Merger, were deficient and demanding that certain corrective disclosures be made. The Company 
believes that the Demand Letters are without merit; however solely in order to mitigate any risk of the Demand Letters delaying 
or otherwise adversely affecting the consummation of the Merger and to minimize any costs, risks, and uncertainties inherent in 
any potential litigation related thereto, and without admitting any liability or wrongdoing, voluntarily made supplemental 
disclosures on a Form 8-K.
General Litigation
On June 8, 2021, JSW Steel (USA) Inc. and JSW Steel USA Ohio, Inc. (collectively, JSW), U.S. based subsidiaries of Indian 
steelmaker JSW Steel, filed suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas against Nucor, U. S. Steel, 
AK Steel Holding Group and Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. (collectively, the JSW Defendants) alleging that the Defendants operated as a 
cartel and formed a conspiracy to boycott JSW from obtaining semi-finished steel slabs. JSW alleges that the JSW Defendants 
acted in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman Act and the Clayton Act (federal antitrust), and violation of the Texas Free 
Enterprise and Antitrust Act. JSW also alleges that the JSW Defendants formed a civil conspiracy in violation of Texas common 
law, and that the JSW Defendants tortiously interfered with JSW’s business relationships. The basis for JSW’s allegations relate 
to the JSW Defendants’ participation in the DOC’s Section 232 process, including the JSW Defendants’ support of the enactment 
of the President’s Section 232 proclamation, statements made by the JSW Defendants after the enactment of Section 232, and 
the JSW Defendants’ participation in the Section 232 exclusion process. Plaintiffs seek monetary damages including $45 million 
for payment of Section 232 tariffs and unspecified amounts for financial penalties, termination fees and lost profits as well as 
other damages. U. S. Steel, along with the other JSW Defendants, filed a Motion to Dismiss the case on August 17, 2021. On 
February 17, 2022, the Court issued an opinion dismissing JSW’s antitrust complaint with prejudice. JSW filed a timely notice of 
appeal with the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. The Fifth Circuit held oral argument on the appeal on 
February 6, 2023, and we are awaiting a ruling from the Court. The Company continues to vigorously defend the matter.
On December 24, 2018, U. S. Steel’s Clairton Plant experienced a fire, affecting portions of the facility involved in desulfurization 
of the coke oven gas generated during the coking process. With the desulfurization process out of operation as a result of the 
fire, U. S. Steel was not able to certify compliance with Clairton Plant’s Title V permit levels for sulfur emissions. U. S. Steel 
promptly notified ACHD (Allegheny County Health Department), which has regulatory jurisdiction for the Title V permit, and 
updated the ACHD regularly on efforts to mitigate any potential environmental impacts until the desulfurization process was 
returned to normal operations. Of the approximately 2,400 hours between the date of the fire and April 4, 2019, when the 
Company resumed desulfurization, there were ten intermittent hours where average SO2 emissions exceeded the hourly NAAQS 
for SO2 at the Allegheny County regional air quality monitors located in Liberty and North Braddock boroughs, which are near U. 
S. Steel’s Mon Valley Works facilities. On April 29, 2019, PennEnvironment and Clean Air Council, both environmental, non-
governmental organizations, filed a Complaint in Federal Court in the Western District of Pennsylvania. The ACHD was 
subsequently granted intervenor status. The parties entered into a Consent Decree that was authorized by the U.S. Department 
of Justice and U.S. EPA and subsequently approved by the Court on March 26, 2024 that resolved all claims in the suit. The 
Consent Decree required the Company to undertake operational improvements at Clairton Works, permanently idle Coke Battery 
#15, pay a $500,000 penalty to the ACHD, fund community-beneficial projects throughout the Mon Valley over a period of five 
years through contributions which total $4.5 million and pay counsel fees in the amount of $3.0 million. The Consent Decree also 
established a new H2S Coke Oven Gas standard for Clairton Works. Separately, a class action has been filed in the Court of 
Common Pleas of Allegheny County on behalf of approximately 123,000 persons who claim that the impacts from the fire created 
Table of Contents
41 
--- PAGE 51 END ---
a nuisance and seek damages for loss of use and enjoyment of properties. That action has been certified as a class action and 
the Company continues to vigorously defend against it.
Asbestos Litigation
See Note 26 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, Contingencies and Commitments for a description of our asbestos 
litigation. 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROCEEDINGS 
The following is a summary of the proceedings of U. S. Steel that were pending or contemplated as of December 31, 2024, 
under federal and state environmental laws, and which U. S. Steel reasonably believes may result in monetary sanctions of at 
least $1 million (the threshold chosen by U. S. Steel as permitted by Item 103 of Regulation S-K). Information about specific sites 
where U. S. Steel is or has been engaged in significant clean up or remediation activities is also summarized below. Except as 
described herein, it is not possible to accurately predict the ultimate outcome of these matters.
CERCLA Remediation Sites
Claims under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA) have been raised with 
respect to the cleanup of various waste disposal and other sites. Under CERCLA, potentially responsible parties (each, a PRP) 
for a site include current owners and operators, past owners and operators at the time of disposal, persons who arranged for 
disposal of a hazardous substance at a site and persons who transported a hazardous substance to a site. CERCLA imposes 
strict and joint and several liabilities. Because of various factors, including the ambiguity of the regulations, the difficulty of 
identifying the responsible parties for any particular site, the complexity of determining the relative liability among them, the 
uncertainty as to the most desirable remediation techniques, and the amount of damages and cleanup costs and the time period 
during which such costs may be incurred, we are unable to reasonably estimate U. S. Steel’s ultimate liabilities under CERCLA.
As of December 31, 2024, U. S. Steel has received information requests or been identified as a PRP at a total of four CERCLA 
sites, three of which have liabilities that have not been resolved. Based on currently available information, which is in many 
cases preliminary and incomplete, management believes that U. S. Steel’s liability for CERCLA cleanup and remediation costs at 
one of the other sites will be over $5 million as described below.
Duluth Works
The former U. S. Steel Duluth Works site was placed on the National Priorities List under CERCLA in 1983 and on the State of 
Minnesota’s Superfund list in 1984. Liability for environmental remediation at the site is governed by a Response Order by 
Consent executed with the MPCA in 1985 and a Record of Decision signed by MPCA in 1989. U. S. Steel has partnered with the 
Great Lakes National Program Office (GLNPO) of the U.S. EPA Region 5 to address contaminated sediments in the St. Louis 
River Estuary and several other operable units that could impact the estuary if not addressed. An amendment to the Project 
Agreement between U. S. Steel and GLNPO was executed during the second quarter of 2018 to recognize the initial costs 
associated with implementing the first two phases of the proposed remedial plan at the site.
Remediation contracts were issued by both U. S. Steel and GLNPO for the first phase of the remedial work at the site during the 
fourth quarter of 2020. U. S. Steel and GLNPO have completed the second phase of work at the site which extended through 
early 2022. The final phase of the remedial design has been defined and another amendment to the Project Agreement between 
U. S. Steel and GLNPO was executed in December 2021. Execution of this final phase is in progress and is expected to extend 
through mid-2025 for habitat restoration. U. S. Steel’s portion of additional design, oversight costs, and implementation of all 
three phases of the preferred remedial alternative on the upland property and Estuary are currently estimated as of 
December 31, 2024, at approximately $6 million.
Resource Conservation Recovery Act and Other Remediation Sites
U. S. Steel may be liable for remediation costs under other environmental statutes, both federal and state, or where private 
parties are seeking to impose liability on U. S. Steel for remediation costs through discussions or litigation. There are nine such 
sites where remediation is being sought involving amounts in excess of $1 million. Based on currently available information, 
which is in many cases preliminary and incomplete, management believes that liability for cleanup and remediation costs in 
connection with four sites may involve remediation costs between $1 million and $5 million per site and five sites are estimated 
to, or could have, costs for remediation, investigation, restoration or compensation in excess of $5 million per site.
For more information on the status of remediation activities at U. S. Steel’s significant sites, see the discussions below.
Gary Works
On October 23, 1998, the U.S. EPA issued a final Administrative Order on Consent (Order) addressing Corrective Action for Solid 
Waste Management Units (SWMU) throughout Gary Works. This Order requires U. S. Steel to perform an RCRA Facility 
Table of Contents
42 
--- PAGE 52 END ---
Investigation, a Corrective Measures Study and Corrective Measure Implementation. Evaluations are underway at six 
groundwater areas on the east side of the facility. A remedial groundwater treatment system has been operating at one of the six 
areas since 2021. An Interim Stabilization Measure work plan was approved by the U.S. EPA for a second area where installation 
and start-up of the remedial system was completed in 2023. Until the remaining Phase I work and Phase II field investigations 
are completed, it is not possible to assess what additional expenditures will be necessary for Corrective Action projects at Gary 
Works. In total, the accrued liability for Corrective Action projects is approximately $23 million as of December 31, 2024, based 
on our current estimate of known remaining costs. 
Geneva Works
At U. S. Steel’s former Geneva Works, liability for environmental remediation, including the closure of three hazardous waste 
impoundments and facility-wide corrective action, has been allocated between U. S. Steel and the current property owner 
pursuant to an agreement and a permit issued by the Utah Department of Environmental Quality (UDEQ). Having completed the 
investigation on a majority of the remaining areas identified in the permit, U. S. Steel had determined the most effective means to 
address the remaining impacted material was to manage those materials in a previously approved on-site Corrective Action 
Management Unit (CAMU). U. S. Steel awarded a contract for the implementation of the CAMU project during the fourth quarter 
of 2018. Construction, waste stabilization and placement, along with closure of the CAMU, were substantially completed in the 
fourth quarter of 2020. Work at the site is now focused on addressing groundwater impacts in discrete areas. U. S. Steel has an 
accrued liability of approximately $17 million as of December 31, 2024 for our estimated share of the remaining costs of 
remediation at the site.
USS-UPI LLC
In February 2020, U. S. Steel purchased the remaining 50 percent interest in USS-POSCO Industries, a former joint venture that 
is located in Pittsburg, California between subsidiaries of U. S. Steel and POSCO, now known as USS-UPI, LLC. Prior to 
formation of the joint venture, UPI’s facilities were previously owned and operated solely by U. S. Steel, which assumed 
responsibility for the existing environmental conditions. U. S. Steel continues to monitor the impacts of the remedial plan 
implemented in 2016 to address groundwater impacts from trichloroethylene at SWMU 4. Work began in early 2024 to complete 
removal of hazardous materials and decommission the northwest portion of Building A (SWMU 4.1) and the 54” and 66” Pickle 
Lines. Additionally, evaluations continue for the SWMUs, known as the Northern Boundary Group, and it is likely that corrective 
measures will be required, but it is not possible at this time to define a scope or estimate costs for what may be required by the 
California Department of Toxic Substances Control. As such, there has been no material change in the status of the project 
during the year ended December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2024, approximately $6 million has been accrued for ongoing 
remediation, environmental studies, investigations, and remedial monitoring. Significant additional costs associated with this site 
are possible and are referenced in Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements “Contingencies and Commitments - 
Environmental Matters - Remediation Projects - Projects with Ongoing Study and Scope Development.”
Fairfield Works
A consent decree was signed by U. S. Steel, the U.S. EPA and the U.S. Department of Justice and filed with the United States 
District Court for the Northern District of Alabama (United States of America v. USX Corporation) in December 1997. In 
accordance with the consent decree, U. S. Steel initiated a RCRA corrective action program at the Fairfield Works facility. The 
Alabama Department of Environmental Management (ADEM), with the approval of the U.S. EPA, assumed primary responsibility 
for regulation and oversight of the RCRA corrective action program at Fairfield Works. Corrective Measure Implementation Plans 
(CMIPs) have been submitted to and approved by ADEM for the last two areas on site where impacts to soil and sediments are 
required to be addressed. Plans are being finalized for contracting the work required under the CMIPs. U. S. Steel has an 
accrued liability of approximately $8 million at December 31, 2024 for the estimated remaining costs of remediation at the site.
South Works
 
On August 29, 2017, U. S. Steel was notified by the U.S. Coast Guard of a sheen on the water in the North Vessel Slip at our 
former South Works in Chicago, Illinois. U. S. Steel has been working with the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency (IEPA) 
under their voluntary Site Remediation Program since 1993 to evaluate the condition of the property including the North Vessel 
Slip. The result of this cooperative effort has been the issuance of a series of “No Further Remediation” (NFR) notices to U. S. 
Steel including one specific to the North Vessel Slip. Following the discovery of the sheen, U. S. Steel notified the IEPA of the 
changed condition and has since been working closely with the IEPA and the U.S. EPA to determine the source and extent of the 
sheen as well as options to address the issue. U. S. Steel has also filed a claim against an existing insurance policy at the site 
and is working closely with the insurers to address the issue. U. S. Steel has an accrued liability of approximately $1 million as of 
December 31, 2024. Significant additional costs associated with this site are possible and are referenced in Note 26 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements “Contingencies and Commitments - Environmental Matters - Remediation Projects - Projects 
with Ongoing Study and Scope Development.”
Air Related Matters 
Table of Contents
43 
--- PAGE 53 END ---
Granite City Works
In October 2015, Granite City Works received a Notice of Violation (NOV) from the IEPA alleging that U. S. Steel violated the 
emission limits for nitrogen oxides (NOx) and volatile organic compounds from the Basic Oxygen Furnace Electrostatic 
Precipitator Stack. In addition, the IEPA alleges that U. S. Steel exceeded its natural gas usage limit at its CoGeneration Boiler. 
U. S. Steel continues to negotiate resolution of the NOV with the IEPA.
Although discussions with the IEPA regarding the foregoing alleged violations are ongoing and the resolution of these matters is 
uncertain at this time, it is not anticipated that the result of those discussions will be material to U. S. Steel.
Minnesota Ore Operations
On February 6, 2013, the U.S. EPA published a Federal Implementation Plan (FIP) that applies to taconite facilities in Minnesota. 
The FIP establishes and requires emission limits and the use of low NOx reduction technology on indurating furnaces as Best 
Available Retrofit Technology (BART). While U. S. Steel installed low NOx burners on three furnaces at Minntac and is currently 
obligated to install low NOx burners on the two other furnaces at Minntac pursuant to existing agreements and permits, the rule 
would require the installation of a low NOx burner on the one furnace at Keetac for which U. S. Steel did not have an otherwise 
existing obligation. U. S. Steel estimates expenditures associated with the installation of low NOx burners of as much as $25 
million to $30 million. In 2013, U. S. Steel filed a petition for administrative reconsideration to the U.S. EPA and a petition for 
judicial review of the 2013 FIP and denial of the Minnesota state implementation plan (SIP) to the Eighth Circuit. In April 2016, 
the U.S. EPA promulgated a revised FIP with the same substantive requirements for U. S. Steel. In June 2016, U. S. Steel filed a 
petition for administrative reconsideration of the 2016 FIP to the U.S. EPA and a petition for judicial review of the 2016 FIP before 
the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. While the proceedings regarding the petition for judicial review of the 2013 FIP remained 
stayed, oral arguments regarding the petition for judicial review of the 2016 FIP were heard by the Eighth Circuit Court of 
Appeals on November 15, 2017. Thus, both petitions for judicial review remain with the Eighth Circuit. On December 4, 2017, the 
U.S. EPA published a notification in the Federal Register in which the U.S. EPA denied U. S. Steel’s administrative petitions for 
reconsideration and stay of the 2013 FIP and 2016 FIP. On February 1, 2018, U. S. Steel filed a petition for judicial review of the 
U.S. EPA’s denial of the administrative petitions for reconsideration to the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. The U.S. EPA and U. 
S. Steel reached a settlement regarding the five indurating lines at Minntac. After proposing a revised FIP and responding to 
public comments, on March 2, 2021, the U.S. EPA promulgated a final revised FIP incorporating the conditions and limits for 
Minntac to which the parties agreed. U. S. Steel and the U.S. EPA reached a tentative settlement agreement to revise BART 
limits for Keetac. The proposed settlement agreement was subject to a 30-day public comment period as provided in the April 23, 
2024 Federal Register. Per the terms of the proposed settlement agreement, the U.S. EPA will sign a proposed rule to revise the 
FIP consistent with the settlement agreement by April 23, 2025.
Mon Valley Works
On March 7, 2022, the Company received an enforcement order from the ACHD that includes a civil penalty demand for $1.8 
million. In the Order, the ACHD alleges that the Company’s Clairton plant is solely and entirely culpable for 153 alleged 
exceedances of the Pennsylvania hydrogen sulfide ambient air standard that are reported to have occurred during January 1, 
2020 through March 1, 2022. On April 5, 2022, the Company appealed the Order and is vigorously defending the matter. On 
December 29, 2023, the Company received an enforcement order from the ACHD that includes a civil penalty demand for $2.2 
million. In the Order, the ACHD alleges that the Company’s Clairton plant was the cause for 159 alleged exceedances of the 
Pennsylvania hydrogen sulfide ambient air standard that are reported to have occurred from March 2, 2022 through November 
30, 2023. The Company appealed the Order and consolidated the case with the Order from March 7, 2022. On September 27, 
2024, the Company filed a Motion for Summary Judgment which is currently pending. Due to the ACHD not currently having a 
Hearing Officer, this matter is stayed.
On March 24, 2022, the Company received an enforcement order from the ACHD that includes a civil penalty demand for $4.6 
million for alleged air permit violations occurring between January 1, 2020 through March 15, 2022 regarding the Company’s 
Clairton plant’s coke oven pushing emission control systems. The Company has appealed the Order. On February 26, 2024, the 
Company received an enforcement order from the ACHD that includes a civil penalty demand for $2.0 million for alleged air 
permit violations occurring from March 16, 2022 through December 31, 2023 regarding the Company’s Clairton plant’s coke oven 
pushing emission control systems. The Company has appealed the Order. The appeals of the 2022 and 2024 Orders have been 
consolidated. Due to the ACHD not currently having a Hearing Officer, this matter is stayed.
Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE
The information concerning mine safety violations and other regulatory matters required by Section 1503(a) of the Dodd-Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 104 of Regulation S-K is included in Exhibit 95 to this Form 10-K.
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
The executive officers of U. S. Steel and their ages as of January 30, 2025, are as follows:
Table of Contents
44 
--- PAGE 54 END ---
Name Age Title
Executive Officer
Since
Daniel R. Brown 52 Senior Vice President - Advanced Technology Steelmaking & 
Chief Operating Officer, Big River Steel
February 1, 2022
James E. Bruno 59 Senior Vice President - Business Development and President, 
USSE
December 1, 2014
Scott D. Buckiso 57 Senior Vice President and Chief Manufacturing Officer North 
American Flat-Rolled
May 31, 2015
David B. Burritt 69 President & Chief Executive Officer September 1, 2013
Jessica T. Graziano 51 Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer August 8, 2022
Manpreet S. Grewal 45 Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer March 30, 2020
Duane D. Holloway 52 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Ethics & 
Compliance Officer
April 16, 2018
Messrs. Brown, Bruno, Buckiso, Burritt, and Holloway have held responsible management or professional positions with 
U. S. Steel or its subsidiaries for more than the past five years. Prior to joining U. S. Steel in 2022, Ms. Graziano spent eight 
years with United Rentals, Inc., culminating in her position as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to her 
work with United Rentals, Ms. Graziano spent five years at Revlon, Inc. where she advanced through positions of increasing 
responsibility culminating in her being named Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller. Prior to 
joining U. S. Steel in 2020, Mr. Grewal served as vice president, business finance, controller and chief accounting officer at 
Covanta since February 2017. Prior to Covanta, Mr. Grewal spent fourteen years at Johnson Controls Incorporated (formerly 
Tyco International) in increasingly responsible roles, including internal audit, accounting, controllership, and financial planning 
and analysis.
PART II
Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER 
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Common Stock Information
The principal market on which United States Steel Corporation (U. S. Steel) common stock is traded is the New York Stock 
Exchange, where the common stock trades under trading symbol “X”. U. S. Steel common stock is also traded on the Chicago 
Stock Exchange under the symbol “X”.
As of January 27, 2025, there were 9,505 registered holders of U. S. Steel common stock.
The Board of Directors currently intends to declare and pay dividends on shares of U. S. Steel common stock based on the 
financial condition and results of operations of U. S. Steel out of legally available funds and in accordance with the requirements 
set forth by applicable law. Quarterly dividends were declared by U. S. Steel in 2024 and 2023 in the amount of five cents per 
share.
Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and the Affiliated Purchasers
There were no share repurchases in fiscal 2024.
Table of Contents
45 
--- PAGE 55 END ---
Stockholder Return Performance
The graph below assumes $100 invested on December 31, 2019, and compares the yearly change in cumulative total 
stockholder return of our common stock with the cumulative total return of the Standard & Poor’s (S&P) 500 Stock Index and the 
S&P 600 Steel Index, and assumes that all dividends were reinvested. U. S. Steel is not included in either the S&P 500 Stock 
Index or S&P 600 Steel Index as to provide a clearer comparison to the selected indices.  
Comparison of Cumulative Total Return
on $100 Invested in U. S. Steel Stock on December 31, 2019
vs
S&P 500 and S&P 600 Steel Index
U.S. Steel S&P 500 S&P 600 Steel Index
12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 12/31/2023 12/31/2024
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
400
450
For information on securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans, see “Item 12. Security Ownership of 
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.”
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
U. S. Steel had no sales of unregistered equity securities during the period covered by this report.
Item 6. RESERVED
Item 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes that 
appear elsewhere in this document. Please refer to Item 7 of our 2023 Form 10-K for further discussion and analysis of our 2022 
financial condition and results of operations.
Overview
Business Update
As previously disclosed, on December 18, 2023, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement by and among the Company, 
Purchaser, Merger Sub, and solely as provided in Section 9.13 therein, NSC. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and upon the 
Table of Contents
46 
--- PAGE 56 END ---
terms and subject to the conditions described therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company 
continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser (the “Merger”).
The parties have substantially complied with the Second Requests issued on April 3, 2024 and the statutory waiting period under 
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 has now expired. In addition, all required regulatory approvals outside 
of the United States related to the Merger have been received. The closing conditions to the Merger include clearance by the 
Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (“CFIUS”) under the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended. 
Following referral of the transaction by CFIUS to the President of the United States, on January 3, 2025, the President of the 
United States issued an order prohibiting the Merger and requiring the parties to abandon the Merger Agreement within thirty 
days. On January 10, 2025, CFIUS granted an extension of that deadline to June 18, 2025.
On January 6, 2025, the Company, NSC and Purchaser jointly filed a lawsuit in the United States Court of Appeals for the District 
of Columbia Circuit alleging that the President’s order blocking the Merger was issued for purely political reasons, which are 
irrelevant to U.S. national security, challenging the decision by the President of the United States and the CFIUS process as 
violating the constitutional due process rights of the Company, NSC and Purchaser, as well as the applicable statute governing 
CFIUS and the Administrative Procedure Act, and as an exercise of power that exceeded the authority provided to the President 
of the United States under the applicable statute. On the same day, the Company, NSC and Purchaser also filed a lawsuit in the 
United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania against Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. (“Cliffs”), Cliffs’ Chief Executive 
Officer Lourenco Goncalves, and the President of the United Steel, Paper and Forestry, Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied 
Industrial and Service Workers International Union (the “USW”), David McCall, for engaging in a coordinated series of 
anticompetitive and racketeering activities illegally designed to prevent any party other than Cliffs from acquiring the Company as 
part of an illegal campaign to monopolize critical domestic steel markets.
Segments Update
In 2024, the Company continued to execute on its strategy by investing in and completing its key strategic projects. U. S. Steel’s 
results in 2024 decreased compared to the previous year for the four reportable segments due to the following factors:
• North American Flat-Rolled: Flat-Rolled results decreased primarily due to lower sales volume across most products 
and lower sales price across most products.
• Mini Mill: Mini Mill results decreased primarily due to lower sales volume across most products and lower sales price 
across all products.
• U. S. Steel Europe: USSE results decreased primarily due to lower sales volume across most products and lower sales 
price across all products.
• Tubular: Tubular results decreased primarily due to lower sales price.
Fluctuations in the market price of raw materials and other inflationary impacts have affected the results of each of our reportable 
segments, and fluctuations going-forward are reasonably likely to have a material impact on future results. We anticipate inflation 
related headwinds for certain raw materials and other costs, and sales prices and sales volumes may continue to have an 
adverse effect on our results.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Management’s discussion and analysis of U. S. Steel’s financial condition and results of operations is based upon U. S. Steel’s 
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting standards generally accepted in the United 
States (U.S. GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions 
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at year-end and the 
reported amount of revenues and expenses during the year. Management regularly evaluates these estimates, including those 
related to employee benefits liabilities and assets held in trust relating to such liabilities; the carrying value of property, plant and 
equipment; intangible assets; valuation allowances for receivables, inventories and deferred income tax assets; liabilities for 
deferred income taxes; potential tax deficiencies; environmental obligations; potential litigation claims and settlements and put 
and call option assets and liabilities. Management’s estimates are based on historical experience, current business and market 
conditions, and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form 
the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other 
sources. Actual results may differ materially from current expectations under different assumptions or conditions.
Management believes that the following are the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the financial 
statements.
Goodwill and intangible assets – Goodwill represents the excess of the cost over the fair value of acquired identifiable tangible 
and intangible assets and liabilities assumed from businesses acquired. Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have 
indefinite lives are not amortized, but are subject to impairment testing annually, or more frequently if events or changes in 
Table of Contents
47 
--- PAGE 57 END ---
circumstances indicate the asset might be impaired. We perform our annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1 and 
monitor for interim triggering events on an ongoing basis. Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment. 
We review goodwill for impairment utilizing either a qualitative assessment or a quantitative goodwill impairment test. If we 
choose to perform a qualitative assessment and we determine that the fair value of the reporting unit more likely than not 
exceeds the carrying value, no further evaluation is necessary. For reporting units where we perform the quantitative goodwill 
impairment test, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit, which we primarily determine using an income approach based 
on the present value of discounted cash flows, to the respective carrying value, which includes goodwill. If the fair value of the 
reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, we do not consider the goodwill impaired. If the carrying value is higher than the fair 
value, we recognize the difference as an impairment loss. 
A quantitative goodwill impairment testing process requires valuation of the respective reporting unit, which we primarily 
determine using an income approach based on a discounted cash flow forecast covering discrete periods of time including a 
terminal value. We compute the terminal value using the constant growth method, which values the forecasted cash flows in 
perpetuity. The assumptions about future cash flows and growth rates are based on the respective reporting unit’s long-term 
forecast and are subject to review and approval by senior management. A reporting unit’s discount rate is a significant 
assumption and is a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital, which we believe approximates the rate from a market 
participant’s perspective. The estimated fair value could be impacted by changes in market conditions, interest rates, growth 
rates, tax rates, costs, pricing and capital expenditures. We categorize the fair value determination as Level 3 in the fair value 
hierarchy due to its use of internal projections and unobservable measurement inputs. 
Our Mini Mill reporting unit holds the goodwill recognized as a result of the Company’s acquisition of Big River Steel and currently 
is our only reporting unit that has a significant amount of goodwill. This goodwill is primarily attributable to Big River Steel’s 
operational abilities, workforce and the anticipated benefits from their recent expansion. U. S. Steel completed its annual goodwill 
impairment test using a qualitative assessment during the fourth quarter of 2024 and determined there was no impairment of 
goodwill. 
Intangible assets with indefinite lives are also subject to at least annual impairment testing, which compares the fair value of the 
intangible assets with their carrying amounts. U. S. Steel has determined that certain of its acquired intangible assets have 
indefinite useful lives. These assets are also reviewed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and whenever events or 
circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. U. S. Steel completed its annual evaluation of its indefinite-
lived water rights using a qualitative assessment and determined there was no indication of impairment. Key assumptions 
included in this test relate to the relevant market rate of an acre foot of water. 
If business conditions deteriorate or other factors have an adverse effect on our qualitative and quantitative estimates, inclusive 
of discounted future cash flows or assumed growth rates, or if we experience a sustained decline in our market capitalization, 
future assessments of goodwill for impairment may result in impairment charges.
Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives and are tested for impairment 
when events occur that indicate that the net book value will not be recovered over future cash flows.
Business combinations – We account for business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance 
with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 805, Business Combinations, which requires an allocation of the 
consideration we paid to the identifiable assets, intangible assets and liabilities based on the estimated fair values as of the 
closing date of the acquisition. The excess of the fair value of the purchase price over the fair values of these identifiable assets, 
intangible assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill.
Purchased intangibles are initially recognized at fair value and amortized over their useful lives unless those lives are determined 
to be indefinite. The valuation of acquired assets will impact future operating results. The fair value of identifiable intangible 
assets is determined using an income approach on an individual asset basis. Specifically, we use the multi-period excess 
earnings method to estimate the fair value of the customer relationships intangible asset. Determining the fair value of the 
customer relationships intangible asset involves significant judgments and assumptions, including expected realized price, base 
year metallic costs, contributory asset charges, and customer attrition rate.
Inventories – Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or market for last-in, first-out (LIFO), moving average and first-in, first-
out (FIFO) method inventories. The predominant method of inventory costing for Flat-Rolled and Tubular is LIFO. The Mini Mill 
segment uses FIFO for raw materials and a moving average costing method to account for semi-finished and finished products. 
FIFO is the predominant inventory costing method used by the USSE segment. The LIFO method of inventory costing was used 
on 53 percent of consolidated inventories at both December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023. Since the LIFO inventory 
valuation methodology is an annual calculation, interim estimates of the annual LIFO valuation are required. We recognize the 
effects of the LIFO inventory valuation method on an interim basis by estimating the year-end inventory amounts. The projections 
of annual LIFO inventory amounts are updated quarterly. Changes in U.S. GAAP rules or tax law, such as the elimination of the 
LIFO method of accounting for inventories, could negatively affect our profitability and cash flow.
Table of Contents
48 
--- PAGE 58 END ---
Pensions and Other Benefits  – The recording of net periodic benefit costs for defined benefit pensions and Other Benefits is 
based on, among other things, assumptions of the expected annual return on plan assets, discount rate, mortality, escalation or 
other changes in retiree health care costs and plan participation levels. Changes in the assumptions or differences between 
actual and expected changes in the present value of liabilities or assets of U. S. Steel’s plans could cause net periodic benefit 
costs to increase or decrease materially from year to year as discussed below.
U. S. Steel’s investment strategy for its U.S. pension and Other Benefits plan assets provides for a diversified mix of high-quality 
bonds, public equities and selected smaller investments in private equities and private credit. For its U.S. pension, U. S. Steel 
has a target allocation for plan assets of 68 percent in fixed income investments. The balance is invested in equity securities, 
private equity and real estate partnerships. U. S. Steel believes that returns on equities over the long term will be higher than 
returns from fixed-income securities as actual historical returns from U. S. Steel’s trusts have shown. Returns on bonds tend to 
offset some of the short-term volatility of stocks. Both equity and fixed-income investments are made across a broad range of 
industries and companies (both domestic and foreign) to provide protection against the impact of volatility in any single industry 
as well as company specific developments. U. S. Steel will use a 6.90 percent assumed rate of return on assets for the 
development of net periodic cost for the main defined benefit pension plan in 2025. Actual returns since the inception of the plan 
have exceeded this 6.90 percent rate and while recent annual returns have been volatile, it is U. S. Steel’s expectation that rates 
will achieve this level in future periods.  
For its Other Benefits plan, U. S. Steel is employing a liability driven investment strategy. The plan assets are allocated to match 
the plan cash flows with maturing investments. To achieve this strategy, U. S. Steel has a target allocation for plan assets of 78 
percent in fixed income and private credit. The balance is primarily invested in equity securities, private equity and real estate 
partnerships. U. S. Steel will use a 6.00 percent assumed rate of return on assets for the development of net periodic cost for its 
Other Benefits plan for 2025.
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is applied to the market value of assets as of the beginning of the period 
less expected benefit payments and considering any planned contributions.
To determine the discount rate used to measure our pension and Other Benefit obligations for U.S. plans we utilize a bond 
matching approach to select specific bonds that would satisfy our projected benefit payments. At December 31, 2024, the 
weighted average discount rate used for our pension and Other Benefit obligations was determined to be 5.90 percent and 5.90 
percent, respectively, compared to the weighted average discount rate used of 5.49 percent and 5.58 percent, respectively, at 
December 31, 2023. The discount rate reflects the current rate at which we estimate the pension and Other Benefits liabilities 
could be effectively settled at the measurement date. 
U. S. Steel reviews its actual historical rate experience and expectations of future health care cost trends to determine the 
escalation of per capita health care costs under U. S. Steel’s benefit plans. Approximately 85 percent of our costs for the 
domestic United Steelworkers participants’ retiree health benefits in the Company’s main domestic benefit plan are limited to a 
per capita dollar maximum calculation based on 2006 base year actual costs incurred under the main U. S. Steel benefit plan for 
USW participants (cost cap). The full effect of the cost cap is expected to be realized around 2031. After 2031, the Company’s 
costs for a majority of USW retirees and their dependents are expected to remain fixed and as a result, the cost impact of health 
care escalation for the Company is projected to be limited for this group (see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
For measurement of its domestic retiree medical plans where health care cost escalation is applicable, U. S. Steel has assumed 
an initial escalation rate of 5.80 percent for 2025. This rate is assumed to decrease gradually to an ultimate rate of 4.50 percent 
in 2038 and remain at that level thereafter.
Net periodic pension benefit cost (credit), including multiemployer plans, is expected to total approximately $139 million in 2025 
compared to $82 million in 2024. The increase in net periodic pension benefit cost in 2025 is primarily due to a decrease in 
expected asset return and an increase in amortized actuarial losses. Net periodic other benefit (credit) in 2025 is expected to be 
approximately $(44) million, compared to $(102) million in 2024. The expected decrease in the 2025 net periodic other benefit 
(credit) is primarily due to decreases in prior service credits and amortized actuarial gains. See Note 18 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, “Pensions and Other Benefits.”
Table of Contents
49 
--- PAGE 59 END ---
The table below projects the incremental effect of a hypothetical one percentage point change in significant assumptions used in 
determining the funded status and net periodic benefit cost for pension and other benefits:
Hypothetical Rate Change 
Increase (Decrease)
(In millions) 1% (1)%
Expected return on plan assets
Incremental (decrease) increase in:
Net periodic pension and other benefits costs for 2025 $ (49) $ 49 
Discount rate
Incremental (decrease) increase in:
Net periodic pension and other benefits costs for 2025 $ (24) $ (1) 
Pension & other benefits obligations at December 31, 2024 $ (344) $ 400 
Changes in the assumptions for expected annual return on plan assets and the discount rate used for accounting purposes do 
not impact the funding calculations used to derive minimum funding requirements for the pension plan. However, the discount 
rate required for minimum funding purposes is also based on corporate bond related indices and as such, the same general 
sensitivity concepts as above can be applied to increases or decreases to the funding obligations of the plans assuming the 
same hypothetical rate changes. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion regarding legislation 
enacted in March of 2021 that impacts the discount rate used for funding purposes. For further cash flow discussion see “Item 7. 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Liquidity and Capital Resources.”
Long-lived assets – U. S. Steel evaluates long-lived assets, primarily property, plant and equipment for impairment whenever 
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of those productive assets exceed their recoverable amount as 
determined by the asset group’s projected undiscounted cash flows. We evaluate long-lived assets for potential impairment at 
the asset group level. Our primary asset groups are flat-rolled, mini mill, USSE, welded tubular and seamless tubular.
In 2024, the Company recognized impairment charges of approximately $19 million  for certain indefinitely idled assets at Granite 
City Works and certain permanently idled assets at Clairton Works. In 2023, the Company recognized charges of approximately 
$123 million for impairment of indefinitely idled iron and steel making assets at Granite City Works. Impairment charges of 
approximately $151 million were recognized for the write-off of iron making and steel making assets at Great Lakes Works in 
2022. The coil finishing processes at Granite City Works and Great Lakes Works continue to operate and remain components of 
the Company’s operating plans. These impairment charges were the result of actions impacting specific, identifiable assets and 
were not significantly adverse to the flat-rolled long-lived asset group. No triggering events that required an impairment 
evaluation of our long-lived asset groups were identified during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Taxes – U. S. Steel records a valuation allowance, related to certain state and foreign net operating losses, state and foreign tax 
credits and unused capital losses, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. A 
valuation allowance is recorded if, based on the weight of all available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not 
that some portion, or all, of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. Each quarter U. S. Steel analyzes the likelihood that our 
deferred tax assets will be realized. In the future, if we determine that it is more likely than not that we will be able to realize all or 
a portion of our deferred tax assets, the valuation allowance will be reduced, and we will record a non-cash net benefit to 
earnings.
At the end of both 2024 and 2023, U. S. Steel did not have any undistributed foreign earnings and profits for which U.S. deferred 
taxes have not been provided.
For further information on income taxes see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Environmental remediation – U. S. Steel has been identified as a PRP at four sites under the CERCLA as of December 31, 
2024. Of these, there are three sites where information requests have been received or there are other indications that U. S. 
Steel may be a PRP under CERCLA, but where sufficient information is not presently available to confirm the existence of liability 
or to make a reasonable estimate with respect to any potential liabilities. There are also nine additional sites where U. S. Steel 
may be liable for remediation costs in excess of $1 million under other environmental statutes, both federal and state, or where 
private parties are seeking to impose liability on U. S. Steel for remediation costs through discussions or litigation. At many of 
these sites, U. S. Steel is one of a number of parties involved and the total cost of remediation, as well as U. S. Steel’s share, is 
frequently dependent upon the outcome of ongoing investigations and remedial studies. U. S. Steel accrues for environmental 
remediation activities when the responsibility to remediate is probable and the amount of associated costs is reasonably 
determinable. As environmental remediation matters proceed toward ultimate resolution or as remediation obligations arise, 
charges in excess of those previously accrued may be required. 
Table of Contents
50 
--- PAGE 60 END ---
U. S. Steel’s accrual for environmental liabilities for U.S. and international facilities as of December 31, 2024, and 2023 was $108 
million and $107 million, respectively. These amounts exclude liabilities related to asset retirement obligations, disclosed in Note 
19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
U. S. Steel is the subject of, or a party to, a number of pending or threatened legal actions, contingencies and commitments 
involving a variety of matters, including laws and regulations relating to the environment. The ultimate resolution of these 
contingencies could, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
For discussion of relevant environmental items, see “Part I. Item 3. Legal Proceedings—Environmental Proceedings.”
Segments
U. S. Steel has four reportable segments: North American Flat-Rolled, Mini Mill, USSE and Tubular Products. For further 
description of segment operations and information see Item 1. Business—Segments and Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, respectively.
Net Sales
Millions of Dollars
Total Net Sales
$21,065
$18,053
$15,640
Total Net Sales
2022 2023 2024
$5,000
$10,000
$15,000
$20,000
$25,000
Net Sales by Segment
Net sales by segment for the years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023 are set forth in the following table:
Years Ended December 31,
(Dollars in millions, excluding intersegment sales) 2024 2023 % Change
Flat-Rolled $ 9,604 $ 10,744  (11) %
Mini Mill  2,070  2,223  (7) %
USSE  2,983  3,525  (15) %
Tubular  970  1,551  (37) %
Total sales from reportable segments  15,627  18,043  (13) %
Other  13  10  30 %
Net Sales $ 15,640 $ 18,053  (13) %
Management’s analysis of the percentage change in net sales for U. S. Steel’s reportable business segments is set forth in the 
following table:
Table of Contents
51 
--- PAGE 61 END ---
Steel Products(a)
Year Ended December 31, 2024 versus 
Year Ended December 31, 2023 Volume Price Mix FX(b) Other(C)
Net
Change
Flat-Rolled  (8) %  (2) %  — %  — %  (1) %  (11) %
Mini Mill  (5) %  (3) %  1 %  — %  — %  (7) %
USSE  (8) %  (7) %  — %  — %  — %  (15) %
Tubular  — %  (30) %  (7) %  — %  — %  (37) %
(a) Excludes intersegment sales.
(b) Foreign currency translation effects.
(c) Primarily consists of sales of raw material and coke making by-products.
Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023 were $15,640 million  and $18,053 
million, respectively.
• For the Flat-Rolled segment, the decrease in sales primarily resulted from decreased shipments (861 thousand tons) 
across most products and lower average realized prices ($17 per ton) across most products.
• For the Mini Mill segment, the decrease in sales primarily resulted from decreased shipments (117 thousand tons) from 
lower value products and lower average realized prices ($18 per ton) across all products.
• For the USSE segment, the decrease in sales primarily resulted from decreased shipments (321 thousand tons) across 
most products and lower average realized prices ($69 per ton) across all products.
• For the Tubular segment, the decrease in sales primarily resulted from lower average realized prices ($1,232 per ton) 
and mix changes to lower value products.
Operating Expenses
Union profit-sharing costs
Year Ended December 31,
(Dollars in millions) 2024 2023
Allocated to segment results $ 57 $ 149 
The amounts above represent profit-sharing amounts paid to active USW-represented employees and are included in cost of 
sales on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Profit-based amounts are calculated and paid on a quarterly basis as a percentage of consolidated earnings before interest and 
income taxes based on 7.5 percent of profit between $10 and $50 per ton and 15 percent of profit above $50 per ton.
Net periodic pension and other benefits costs 
Pension and other benefit costs (other than service cost) are reflected within net interest and other financial (benefits) costs and 
the service cost component is reflected within cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
Defined benefit and multiemployer pension plan costs included in cost of sales totaled $108 million in 2024 and $116 million in 
2023. 
Other benefit service cost included in cost of sales totaled $4 million in 2024 and $6 million in 2023.
Costs related to defined contribution plans totaled $48 million in 2024 and $50 million in 2023.
Selling, general and administrative expenses
Selling, general and administrative expenses were $435 million and $501 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, and 
December 31, 2023, respectively. The change between periods was primarily due to decreased costs related to pension and 
OPEB benefits and variable compensation.
Operating configuration adjustments
The Company adjusts its operating configuration in response to changes in market conditions, global overcapacity, import 
competition arising from unfair trade practices, and changes in customer demand. These operating configuration adjustments 
can include indefinitely and temporarily idling certain of its facilities as well as restarting production at certain of its facilities. 
Idled Operations
Table of Contents
52 
--- PAGE 62 END ---
In December 2024, the Company temporarily idled Blast Furnace #3 at USSE until demand improves. It is expected that Blast 
Furnace #3 will be restarted in the first quarter of 2025 based on market conditions.
In 2023, the Company indefinitely idled its subsidiary in Pittsburg, California, USS-UPI, LLC (UPI), resulting in restructuring and 
other charges of $3 million and $30 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. Also, in 2023, the Company indefinitely idled the iron 
and steel making assets at Granite City Works which resulted in a non-cash asset impairment of $123 million and additional 
charges of $107 million primarily for take-or-pay commitments and employee-related costs. The hot-strip mill, cold mill and 
coating lines at Granite City Works continue to operate.
In 2023, the Company completed the previously announced permanent shutdown of coke batteries numbers 1 through 3 at the 
Mon Valley Works.
In 2022, U. S. Steel indefinitely idled the majority of the tin mill operations at Gary Works. This included the Tin Line #5 and the 
Tin Line #6. As of December 31, 2024, the carrying value of the indefinitely idled tin mill operations assets at Gary Works is $65 
million. Tin mill operations continue to operate at the Midwest plant.
At Great Lakes Works, the Company permanently idled the ironmaking operations in 2022, which resulted in non-cash 
impairment of $151 million. The coil finishing process at Great Lakes Works continues to operate and remains a component of 
the Company’s operating plans.
The Company’s Lorain Tubular Operations, Lone Star Tubular Operations and the Wheeling Machine Products coupling 
production facility at Hughes Springs, Texas were initially idled in 2020 and remained indefinitely idled as of December 31, 2024. 
The carrying value of the Lorain Tubular Operations assets is $50 million as of December 31, 2024.
Depreciation, depletion and amortization
Depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses were $913 million in 2024 and $916 million in 2023.
Earnings from investees
Earnings from investees were $112 million in 2024 compared to $115 million in 2023. The decrease in 2024 from the prior year is 
primarily due to decreased earnings from Hibbing Development Company and Patriot Premium Threading Services, partially 
offset by our PRO-TEC joint venture.
Restructuring and other charges
During 2024, the Company recorded restructuring and other charges of $8 million, which related primarily to idling of certain 
coke-making facilities. Charges for restructuring and ongoing cost reduction initiatives are recorded in the period U. S. Steel 
commits to a restructuring or cost reduction plan, or executes specific actions contemplated by the plan and all criteria for liability 
recognition have been met. Charges related to restructuring and cost reductions are reported in Restructuring and other charges 
in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Earnings (loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization by segment
Segment performance is measured primarily on the basis of segment level earnings (loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation 
and amortization (EBITDA). EBITDA for reportable segments and the Other category does not include net interest and other 
financial costs (income), income taxes, and certain other items that management believes are not indicative of future results. 
Table of Contents
53 
--- PAGE 63 END ---
Earnings (loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization by segment (a) Year Ended December 31,
(Dollars in Millions) 2024 2023
Flat-Rolled $ 934 $ 1,023 
Mini Mill  233  383 
USSE  71  98 
Tubular  135  638 
Other loss before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization  (7)  (3) 
Depreciation, depletion and amortization  (913)  (916) 
Segment earnings before interest and income taxes  453  1,223 
Other items not allocated to segments:
Restructuring and other charges (b)  (8)  (36) 
Stock-based compensation expense  (51)  (51) 
Asset impairment charges (c)  (19)  (127) 
Environmental remediation charges  (18)  (11) 
Strategic alternatives review process costs  (90)  (79) 
Granite City idling costs  (11)  (121) 
Other charges, net  (16)  1 
Total earnings before interest and income taxes $ 240 $ 799 
(a) See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for reconciliations and other details.
(b) Included in restructuring and other charges on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for further details.
(c) See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details.
Segment results for Flat-Rolled
Year Ended December 31, %
Change(Dollars in Millions) 2024 2023
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) $ 934 $ 1,023  (9) %
Depreciation, depletion and amortization  535  605  (12) %
Earnings before interest and income taxes $ 399 $ 418  (5) %
Gross margin  11 %  11 %  — %
Raw steel production (mnt)  8,389  9,399  (11) %
Capability utilization  63 %  71 %  (8) %
Steel shipments (mnt)  7,845  8,706  (10) %
Average realized steel price per ton  1,013  1,030  (2) %
The decrease in Flat-Rolled EBITDA for 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to:
• lower average realized prices, including mix (approximately $50 million)
• decreased shipments (approximately $220 million)
• lower other sales (approximately $70 million)
• higher operating costs (approximately $110 million),
these changes were partially offset by:
• lower raw material costs, including inventory revaluations (approximately $90 million)
• lower energy costs (approximately $105 million)
• favorable equity affiliate income (approximately $70 million)
• lower other costs, primarily profit-based payments (approximately $95 million).
Gross margin for 2024 as compared to 2023 was unchanged.
Segment results for Mini Mill
Table of Contents
54 
--- PAGE 64 END ---
Year Ended December 31, %
Change(Dollars in Millions) 2024 2023
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) $ 233 $ 383  (39) %
Depreciation, depletion and amortization  203  168  21 %
Earnings before interest and income taxes $ 30 $ 215  (86) %
Gross margin  17 %  19 %  (2) %
Raw steel production (mnt)  2,838  2,953  (4) %
Capability utilization  80 %  89 %  (9) %
Steel shipments (mnt)  2,307  2,424  (5) %
Average realized steel price per ton  857  875  (2) %
The decrease in Mini Mill EBITDA results for 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to:
• lower average realized prices, including mix (approximately $55 million)
• decreased shipments (approximately $140 million)
• higher other costs, primarily strategic projects startup costs (approximately $105 million),
these changes were partially offset by:
• lower raw material costs (approximately $150 million).
Gross margin for 2024 as compared to 2023 decreased primarily due to lower sales volume and price.
Segment results for USSE
Year Ended December 31, %
Change(Dollars in Millions) 2024 2023
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) $ 71 $ 98  (28) %
Depreciation, depletion and amortization  125  94  33 %
(Loss) earnings before interest and income taxes $ (54) $ 4  (1,450) %
Gross margin  4 %  4 %  — %
Raw steel production (mnt)  3,832  4,395  (13) %
Capability utilization  77 %  88 %  (11) %
Steel shipments (mnt)  3,578  3,899  (8) %
Average realized steel price per ton  805  873  (8) %
The decrease in USSE EBITDA results for 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to:
• lower average realized prices, including mix (approximately $220 million)
• decreased shipments, including volume inefficiencies (approximately $70 million)
• lower other sales (approximately $5 million)
• higher operating costs (approximately $40 million),
these changes were partially offset by:
• lower raw material costs, including inventory revaluations and CO 2 accrual adjustments (approximately $215 million)
• lower energy costs (approximately $85 million)
• lower other costs (approximately $5 million)
• strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the Euro (approximately $5 million).
Gross margin for 2024 as compared to 2023 was unchanged.
Segment results for Tubular
Year ended December 31, %
Change(Dollars in Millions) 2024 2023
Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) $ 135 $ 638  (79) %
Depreciation, depletion and amortization  50  49  2 %
Earnings before interest and income taxes $ 85 $ 589  (86) %
Gross margin  14 %  40 %  (26) %
Raw steel production (mnt)  575  568  1 %
Capability utilization  64 %  63 %  1 %
Steel shipments (mnt)  476  478  — %
Average realized steel price per ton  1,905  3,137  (39) %
Table of Contents
55 
--- PAGE 65 END ---
The decrease in Tubular EBITDA results for 2024 compared to 2023 was primarily due to:
• lower average realized prices (approximately $520 million)
• decreased shipments (approximately $35 million),
these changes were partially offset by:
• lower raw material costs (approximately $20 million)
• lower other costs, primarily variable compensation (approximately $30 million).
Gross margin for 2024 as compared to 2023 decreased primarily as a result of lower average realized prices.
Results for Other
The Other category had a loss before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of $7 million for the year ended 
December 31, 2024, compared to a loss before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of $3 million  for the year ended 
December 31, 2023.
Net Interest and Other Financial Costs
Year Ended December 31,
(Dollars in millions) 2024 2023
Interest expense  24  72 
Interest income  (96)  (141) 
Loss on debt extinguishment  2  — 
Other financial costs  29  18 
Net periodic benefit income  (132)  (154) 
Net gain from investments related to active employee benefits  (25)  (43) 
Net interest and other financial benefits $ (198) $ (248) 
Net interest and other financial benefits declined in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to reduced net periodic benefit income 
from increases in actuarial losses, reduced investment gains related to active employee benefits from lower 2024 asset 
performance, and decreased interest income from a lower cash balance. These were partially offset by lower interest expense as 
a result of increased capitalized interest. For additional information on U. S. Steel indebtedness see Note 17 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.
For additional information on U. S. Steel’s foreign currency exchange activity see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements and Item 7A. “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk – Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk.”
Income Tax
The income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2024, was $54 million compared to an income tax expense of $152 
million in 2023. The change from the prior year period was primarily due to a decrease in earnings before taxes. In addition, the 
current year period includes a benefit of $59 million related to the 2023 federal and state income tax returns.
For further information on income taxes see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Net earnings attributable to U. S. Steel
Net earnings attributable to U. S. Steel in 2024 were $384 million compared to net earnings of $895 million in 2023. The 
decrease was primarily attributable to the factors discussed above.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Cash Flows and Capital Requirements
Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities
Net cash provided by operating activities was $919 million in 2024 compared to $2,100 million in 2023. The decrease in 2024 
compared to 2023 was primarily due to lower net earnings and changes in working capital. Changes in working capital can vary 
significantly depending on factors such as the timing of inventory production and purchases, which is affected by the length of 
our business cycles as well as our captive raw materials position, customer payments of accounts receivable and payments to 
vendors in the regular course of business.
Our cash conversion cycle increased by 7 days in the fourth quarter of 2024 from the fourth quarter of 2023 as shown below: 
Table of Contents
56 
--- PAGE 66 END ---
Cash Conversion Cycle 2024 2023
$ millions Days $ millions Days
Accounts receivable, net (a) $ 1,398 40 $ 1,549 34
+ Inventories (b) $ 2,168 58 $ 2,128 53
- Accounts Payable and Other Accrued Liabilities (c) $ 2,601 72 $ 2,867 68
= Cash Conversion Cycle (d) 26 19
(a) Calculated as Average Accounts Receivable, net divided by total Net Sales multiplied by the number of days in the period.
(b) Calculated as Average Inventory divided by total Cost of Sales multiplied by the number of days in the period.
(c) Calculated as Average Accounts Payable and Other Accrued Liabilities less bank checks outstanding and other current liabilities divided by 
total Cost of Sales multiplied by the number of days in the period.
(d) Calculated as Accounts Receivable Days plus Inventory Days less Accounts Payable Days.
The cash conversion cycle is a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe the cash conversion cycle is a useful measure in 
providing investors with information regarding our cash management performance and is a widely accepted measure of working 
capital management efficiency. The cash conversion cycle should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to other 
GAAP metrics as an indicator of performance.
The days in our cash conversion cycle in comparison to the prior year increased primarily from higher inventory levels in our Mini 
Mill segment due to the BR2 start-up and lower net sales in the fourth quarter of the current year compared to the same period in 
the prior year.
The LIFO inventory method is the predominant method of inventory costing for our Flat-Rolled and Tubular segments. The FIFO 
and moving average methods are the predominant inventory costing methods for our Mini Mill segment and the FIFO method is 
the predominant inventory costing method for our USSE segment. In the U.S., management monitors the inventory realizability 
by comparing the LIFO cost of inventory with the replacement cost of inventory. To the extent the replacement cost (i.e., market 
value) of inventory is lower than the LIFO cost of inventory, management will write the inventory down. As of December 31, 2024, 
and 2023, the replacement cost of the LIFO inventory was higher by approximately $1,143 million and $1,248 million, 
respectively.
Net cash provided by operating activities for 2024 and 2023 reflects employee benefits payments as shown in the following table.
Benefits Payments for Employees Year Ended December 31,
(Dollars in millions) 2024 2023
Other employee benefits payments not funded by trusts  32  40 
Payments to a multiemployer pension plan  79  84 
Pension related payments not funded by trusts  1  3 
    Reductions in cash flows from operating activities $ 112 $ 127 
Net Cash Used in Investing Activities
Net cash used in investing activities was $2,276 million in 2024 compared to $2,568 million in 2023. The decrease in net cash 
used in investing activities was primarily due to decreased capital expenditures (discussed in more detail below).
Table of Contents
57 
--- PAGE 67 END ---
Capital expenditures in 2024 were $2,287 million compared to $2,576 million in 2023. Mini Mill capital expenditures were $1,641 
million and included $1,368 million for BR2, exclusive of the air separation unit, which began operations during the fourth quarter, 
as well as spending for the dual Galvalume®/galvanized coating and color coating lines at the existing Big River Steel facility. 
Flat-Rolled capital expenditures were $495 million which includes spending for the DR grade pellet facility at Keetac, as well as 
for mining equipment, blast furnace repairs and a stove rebuild at Gary Works, and other infrastructure and environmental 
projects across the Flat-Rolled footprint. USSE capital expenditures were $118 million and included spending for the blast 
furnace stove repairs and upgrades, enterprise resource planning (ERP) project, 5-stand control system upgrades, and various 
other projects. Tubular capital expenditures were $33 million and included spending to support steelmaking, infrastructure, and 
environmental projects within the Tubular footprint. Other businesses had no capital expenditures.
Net Cash used in Financing Activities
Net cash used in financing activities was $199 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024, compared to net cash 
used in financing activities of $98 million for the same period in 2023. The period over period change in financing activities was 
primarily due to the absence of proceeds received from the issuance of long-term debt in the current year period, partially offset 
by the absence of repurchases of common stock in the current year period.
In 2023, U. S. Steel received net proceeds of approximately $238 million after closing on an aggregate principal amount of $240 
million unsecured Arkansas Development Finance Authority environmental improvement revenue bonds with a coupon rate of 
5.700% and a final maturity of 2053.
Certain of our credit facilities, including the Credit Facility Agreement, the Big River Steel ABL Facility, the USSK Credit 
Agreement and the Export Credit Agreement, contain standard terms and conditions including customary material adverse 
change clauses. If a material adverse change was to occur, our ability to fund future operating and capital requirements could be 
negatively impacted. The €150 million (approximately $156 million) USSK Credit Agreement contains certain USSK specific 
financial covenants. The USSK Credit Agreement requires USSK to maintain a net debt to EBITDA ratio of less than 3.50:1 (the 
“EBITDA Ratio Covenant”), as measured on a rolling twelve month basis on June 30th and December 31st of each year. As of 
December 31, 2024 USSK was in compliance with the EBITDA Ratio Covenant. There are currently no amounts outstanding 
under the facility.
We use surety bonds, trusts and letters of credit to provide financial assurance for certain transactions and business activities. 
The use of some forms of financial assurance and cash collateral have a negative impact on liquidity. U. S. Steel has committed 
$192 million of liquidity sources for financial assurance purposes as of December 31, 2024. Increases in certain of these 
commitments which use collateral are reflected within cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash on the Consolidated Statement 
of Cash Flows.
The maximum guarantees of the indebtedness of unconsolidated entities of U. S. Steel totaled $7 million at December 31, 2024. 
If any default related to the guaranteed indebtedness occurs, U. S. Steel has access to its interest in the assets of the investees 
to reduce its potential losses under the guarantees.
We may from time to time seek to retire or repurchase our outstanding long-term debt through open market purchases, privately 
negotiated transactions, exchange transactions, redemptions or otherwise. Such purchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on 
prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements and other factors and may be commenced or suspended at any time. The 
amounts involved may be material. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details regarding U. S. 
Steel’s debt.
Share Repurchases
Table of Contents
58 
--- PAGE 68 END ---
In the third quarter of 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program that allows for the repurchase of up to 
$500 million of our outstanding common stock from time to time in the open market or privately negotiated transactions at the 
discretion of management. The Company’s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of 
shares. In the twelve months ended  December 31, 2024 no common stock was repurchased under our share repurchase 
program. We do not expect to utilize the remainder of this authorization as the Merger Agreement contains a customary 
prohibition on our ability to engage in additional share repurchases without the consent of Purchaser. See Note 27 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements, “Common Stock Repurchased” for further details.
Capital Requirements
Capital expenditures for 2025 are expected to total approximately $1.0 billion and are significantly lower than 2024 due to the on 
time completion of several strategic projects as well as the nearing completion and commissioning of the remaining strategic 
projects to expand our competitive advantages in low-cost iron ore, mini mill steelmaking and best-in-class finishing capabilities.
U. S. Steel’s contractual commitments to acquire property, plant and equipment at December 31, 2024, totaled $683 million.
Liquidity
The following table summarizes U. S. Steel’s liquidity as of December 31, 2024:
(Dollars in millions)
Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,367 
Amount available under Credit Facility Agreement  1,746 
Amount available under Big River Steel - Revolving Line of Credit  340 
Amounts available under USSK Credit Agreement and USSK Credit Facility  171 
Total estimated liquidity $ 3,624 
Millions of Dollars
Total Estimated Liquidity at December 31,
$1,367
$2,948
$2,257
$2,226
Cash Credit Facilities
2024 2023
$0
$1,000
$2,000
$3,000
$4,000
$5,000
$6,000
As of December 31, 2024, $171 million of the total cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign subsidiaries. Substantially 
all of the liquidity attributable to our foreign subsidiaries can be accessed without the imposition of income taxes as a result of the 
election effective December 31, 2013, to liquidate for U.S. income tax purposes a foreign subsidiary that holds most of our 
international operations. 
We expect that our estimated liquidity requirements will consist primarily of our 2025 planned strategic capital expenditures, 
working capital requirements, debt service, and operating costs and employee benefits for our operations. Our available liquidity 
at December 31, 2024, consists principally of our cash and cash equivalents and available borrowings under the Credit Facility 
Agreement, Big River Steel ABL Facility, USSK Credit Agreement and the USSK Credit Facility.
Management continues to evaluate market conditions in our industry and our global liquidity position, and may consider 
additional actions to further strengthen our balance sheet and optimize liquidity, including but not limited to the repayment or 
refinancing of outstanding debt and the incurrence of additional debt to opportunistically finance strategic projects.
U. S. Steel management believes that U. S. Steel’s liquidity will be adequate to satisfy our cash requirements and obligations for 
the next twelve months and for the foreseeable future, including obligations to complete currently authorized capital spending 
programs. Future requirements for U. S. Steel’s business needs, including the funding of capital expenditures, scheduled debt 
maturities, repurchase of debt, dividends, contributions to employee benefit plans and any amounts that may ultimately be paid 
Table of Contents
59 
--- PAGE 69 END ---
in connection with contingencies, are expected to be funded by a combination of internally generated funds (including asset 
sales), borrowings, refinancings and other external financing sources.
The Company has a supply chain finance (SCF) arrangement with a third-party administrator which allows participating 
suppliers, at their sole discretion, to make offers to sell payment obligations of the Company prior to their scheduled due dates at 
a discounted price to a participating financial institution. The third-party administrator entered into a separate agreement with the 
Export Import Bank of the United States to guarantee 90 percent of supplier obligations sold for up to $95 million. No guarantees 
or collateral are provided by the Company or any of its subsidiaries under the SCF program.
The Company’s goal is to capture overall supplier savings and improve working capital efficiency. The agreements facilitate the 
suppliers’ ability to sell payment obligations, while providing them with greater working capital flexibility. The Company has no 
economic interest in the sale of the suppliers’ receivables and no direct financial relationship with the financial institution 
concerning these services. The Company’s obligations to its suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment dates, are 
not impacted by suppliers’ decisions to sell amounts under the arrangements. The SCF program requires the Company to pay 
the third-party administrator the stated amount of the confirmed participating supplier invoices. The payment terms for confirmed 
invoices range from 45 to 90 days after the end of the month in which the invoice was issued.
The underlying costs from suppliers that elected to participate in the SCF program are generally recorded in cost of sales in the 
Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations. Amounts due to suppliers who participate in the SCF program are reflected 
in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets and payments on the obligations by 
our suppliers are included in cash used in operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. As of December 
31, 2024, accounts payable and accrued expenses included $62 million of outstanding payment obligations which suppliers 
elected to sell to participating financial institutions.
The following table summarizes the Company’s contractual obligations at December 31, 2024, and the effect such obligations 
are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods.
(Dollars in millions)
Payments Due by Period
Contractual Obligations Total 2025
2026
through
2027
2028 
through
2029
Beyond
2029
Debt (including interest) and finance leases(a)  $ 7,077 $ 338 $ 1,133 $ 1,573 $ 4,033 
Operating leases(b)   88  39  39  8  2 
Contractual purchase commitments(c)  7,720  5,386  1,286  386  662 
Capital commitments(d)  683  518  165  —  — 
Environmental commitments(d)  108  26  —  —  82 
Steelworkers Pension Trust(e)  411  79  163  169  — 
Employee related benefits(f)  138  31  55  52  — 
Total contractual obligations $ 16,225 $ 6,417 $ 2,841 $ 2,188 $ 4,779 
(a) See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
(b) See Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
(c) Reflects estimated contractual purchase commitments under purchase orders and “take or pay” arrangements. “Take or pay” arrangements 
are primarily for purchases of gases and certain energy and utility services.
(d) See Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
(e) While it is difficult to make a prediction of cash requirements beyond the term of the 2022 Labor Agreements with the USW, which expire on 
September 1, 2026, projected amounts shown through 2028 assume the contribution rate per hour included in the 2022 Labor Agreements of 
$4.00 per hour worked. 
(f) The amounts reflect corporate cash outlays for expected benefit payments to be paid by the Company. (See Note 18 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements.) The accuracy of this forecast of future cash flows depends on future medical health care escalation rates and restrictions 
related to our trusts for retiree healthcare and life insurance (VEBA) that impact the timing of the use of trust assets. Projected amounts have 
been reduced to reflect withdrawals from the USW VEBA trust available under its agreements with the USW. Due to these factors, it is not 
possible to reliably estimate cash requirements beyond five years and actual amounts experienced may differ significantly from those shown.
Other Commercial Commitments
The following table summarizes U. S. Steel’s commercial commitments at December 31, 2024, and the effect such commitments 
could have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods.
Table of Contents
60 
--- PAGE 70 END ---
(Dollars in millions)
Scheduled Reductions by Period
Commercial Commitments Total 2025
2026
through
2027
2028
through
2029
Beyond
2029
Standby letters of credit(a) $ 60 $ 43 $ — $ — $ 17 (b)
Surety bonds(a)  98  —  —  —  98 (b)
Funded Trusts(a)  35  —  —  —  35 (b)
Total commercial commitments $ 193 $ 43 $ — $ — $ 150 
(a) Reflects a commitment or guarantee for which future cash outflow is not considered likely.
(b) Timing of potential cash outflows is not determinable.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
U. S. Steel has invested in several joint ventures that are reported as equity investments. Several of these investments involved 
a transfer of assets in exchange for an equity interest. U. S. Steel has supply arrangements with several of these joint ventures.
U. S. Steel’s other off-balance sheet arrangements include guarantees, indemnifications, unconditional purchase obligations, 
surety bonds, trusts and letters of credit disclosed in Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Derivative Instruments
See “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” for discussion of derivative instruments and 
associated market risk for U. S. Steel.
Environmental Matters
U. S. Steel’s environmental expenditures were as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
2024 2023 2022
North America:
Capital $ 80 $ 60 $ 38 
Compliance
Operating & maintenance  247  243  255 
             Remediation(a)  10  15  18 
Total North America $ 337 $ 318 $ 311 
USSE:
Capital $ 3 $ 10 $ 6 
Compliance
Operating & maintenance  10  12  11 
             Remediation(a)  4  5  6 
Total USSE $ 17 $ 27 $ 23 
Total U. S. Steel $ 354 $ 345 $ 334 
(a) These amounts include spending charged against remediation reserves, net of recoveries where permissible, but do not include non-cash 
provisions recorded for environmental remediation.
U. S. Steel’s environmental capital expenditures accounted for 4 percent of total capital expenditures in 2024, 3 percent in 2023 
and 2 percent in 2022.
Environmental compliance expenditures represented 2 percent of U. S. Steel’s total costs and expenses in 2024, 2023, and 
2022. Remediation spending during 2022 through 2024 was mainly related to remediation activities at former and present 
operating locations.
For discussion of other relevant environmental items see “Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings – Environmental Proceedings.”
The following table shows activity with respect to environmental remediation liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2024, 
and December 31, 2023. These amounts exclude liabilities related to asset retirement obligations accounted for in accordance 
with ASC Topic 410. See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
61 
--- PAGE 71 END ---
(Dollars in millions) 2024 2023
Beginning Balance $ 107 $ 126 
Plus: Additions  18  15 
Adjustments for changes in estimates  —  (11) 
Less: Obligations settled  (17)  (23) 
Ending Balance $ 108 $ 107 
New or expanded environmental requirements, which could increase U. S. Steel’s environmental costs, may arise in the future. 
U. S. Steel intends to comply with all legal requirements regarding the environment, but since many of them are not fixed or 
presently determinable (even under existing legislation) and may be affected by future legislation, it is not possible to predict 
accurately the ultimate cost of compliance, including remediation costs which may be incurred and penalties which may be 
imposed. U. S. Steel’s environmental capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $156 million in 2025, $6 million of 
which is related to projects at USSE. U. S. Steel’s environmental expenditures for 2025 for operating and maintenance and for 
remediation projects are expected to be approximately $273 million and $65 million, respectively, of which approximately $14 
million and $5 million for operating and maintenance and remediation, respectively, is related to USSE. Although the outcome of 
pending environmental matters is not estimable at this time, it is reasonably possible that U. S. Steel’s environmental capital and 
operating and maintenance expenditures could materially increase as a result of the future resolution of these matters. 
Predictions of future environmental expenditures beyond 2025 can only be broad-based estimates, which have varied, and will 
continue to vary, due to the ongoing evolution of specific regulatory requirements, the possible imposition of more stringent 
requirements and the availability of new technologies to remediate sites, among other factors.
Accounting Standards
See Notes 2 and 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
U. S. Steel is exposed to certain risks related to its ongoing business operations, including financial, market, political, and 
economic risks. The following discussion provides information regarding U. S. Steel’s exposure to the risks of changing foreign 
currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates.
U. S. Steel may enter into derivative financial instrument transactions in order to manage or reduce these market risks. The use 
of derivative instruments is subject to our corporate governance policies. These instruments are used solely to mitigate market 
exposure and are not used for trading or speculative purposes.
U. S. Steel may elect to use hedge accounting for certain commodity or currency transactions. For those transactions, the impact 
of the hedging instrument will be recognized in other comprehensive income until the transaction is settled. Once the transaction 
is settled, the effect of the hedged item will be recognized in income. For further information regarding derivative instruments see 
Notes 1 and 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk
U. S. Steel is subject to the risk of price fluctuations due to the effects of exchange rates on revenues and operating costs, firm 
commitments for capital expenditures and existing assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, 
particularly the euro. U. S. Steel historically has made limited use of forward currency contracts to manage exposure to certain 
currency price fluctuations. U. S. Steel elected cash flow hedge accounting for foreign exchange forwards and had no material 
open forward exchange contracts that were subject to mark-to-market accounting as of December 31, 2024.
The fair value of our derivatives is determined using Level 2 inputs, which are defined as “significant other observable” inputs. 
The inputs used include quotes from counterparties that are corroborated with market sources.
Volatility in the foreign currency markets could have significant implications for U. S. Steel as a result of foreign currency 
transaction effects. Future foreign currency impacts will depend upon changes in currencies and the extent to which we engage 
in derivatives transactions. For additional information on U. S. Steel’s foreign currency exchange activity, see Note 16 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Commodity Price Risk and Related Risks
In the normal course of our business, U. S. Steel is exposed to market risk or price fluctuations related to the purchase, 
production or sale of steel products. U. S. Steel is also exposed to price risk related to the purchase, production or sale of coal, 
coke, natural gas, steel scrap, iron ore and pellets, and zinc, tin and other nonferrous metals used as raw materials. U. S. Steel 
is also subject to market price risk for the purchase of a portion of its electricity at certain facilities. See Note 16 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on U. S. Steel’s derivatives.
Table of Contents
62 
--- PAGE 72 END ---
U. S. Steel’s market risk strategy has generally been to obtain competitive prices for our products and services and allow 
operating results to reflect market price movements dictated by supply and demand; however, from time to time U. S. Steel has 
made forward physical purchases to manage exposure to price risk related to the purchases of natural gas and certain non-
ferrous metals used in the production process. As of December 31, 2024, U. S. Steel did not have forward buy contracts for 
natural gas or any of the other significant raw materials used in the domestic production process.
Interest Rate Risk
U. S. Steel is subject to the effects of interest rate fluctuations on the fair value of certain of our non-derivative financial 
instruments. A sensitivity analysis of the projected incremental effect of a hypothetical 10 percent increase/decrease in year-end 
2024 and 2023 interest rates on the fair value of U. S. Steel’s non-derivative financial instruments is provided in the following 
table:
(Dollars in millions) 2024 2023
Non-Derivative Financial Instruments(a) Fair Value(b)
Change in
Fair Value(c) Fair Value(b)
Change in
Fair  Value(c)
Financial liabilities:
Debt(d)(e) $ 4,243 $ 256 $ 4,797 $ 325 
(a) Fair values of cash and cash equivalents, current accounts and notes receivable, accounts payable, bank checks outstanding and accrued 
interest approximate carrying value and are relatively insensitive to changes in interest rates due to the short-term maturity of the 
instruments. Accordingly, these instruments are excluded from the table.
(b) See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for carrying value of instruments.
(c) Reflects, by class of financial instrument, the estimated incremental effect of a hypothetical 10 percent change in interest rates at 
December 31, 2024, and 2023, on the fair value of U. S. Steel’s non-derivative financial instruments. For financial liabilities, this assumes a 
10 percent decrease in the weighted average yield to maturity of U. S. Steel’s long-term debt at December 31, 2024, and December 31, 
2023.
(d) Excludes finance lease obligations.
(e) Fair value was determined using Level 2 inputs which were derived from quoted market prices and is based on the yield on public debt 
where available or current borrowing rates available for financings with similar terms and maturities.
U. S. Steel’s sensitivity to interest rate declines and corresponding increases in the fair value of our debt portfolio would 
unfavorably affect our results and cash flows only to the extent that we elected to repurchase or otherwise retire all or a portion of 
our fixed-rate debt portfolio at prices above carrying value.
Table of Contents
63 
--- PAGE 73 END ---
Item 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
The information required by this item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statement contained in this Annual Report on 
Form 10-K. Specific financial statements can be found at the page listed below:
PAGE
MANAGEMENT’S REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS 65
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID 238) 66
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023, AND 
2022 68
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 
31, 2024, 2023, AND 2022 69
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024, AND 2023 70
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023, AND 
2022 71
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024, 
2023, AND 2022 72
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 74
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA (UNAUDITED) 116
Table of Contents
64
--- PAGE 74 END ---
MANAGEMENT’S REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS
January 31, 2025
To the Stockholders of United States Steel Corporation:
Financial Statements and Practices
The accompanying consolidated financial statements of United States Steel Corporation are the responsibility of and have been 
prepared by United States Steel Corporation in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
America. They necessarily include some amounts that are based on our best judgments and estimates. United States Steel 
Corporation’s financial information displayed in other sections of this report is consistent with these financial statements.
United States Steel Corporation seeks to assure the objectivity and integrity of its financial records by careful selection of its 
managers, by organizational arrangements that provide an appropriate division of responsibility and by communication programs 
aimed at assuring that its policies, procedures and methods are understood throughout the organization.
United States Steel Corporation has a comprehensive, formalized system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable 
assurance that assets are safeguarded, that financial records are reliable and that information required to be disclosed in reports 
filed with or submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the 
required time limits. Appropriate management monitors the system for compliance and evaluates it for effectiveness, and the 
independent registered public accounting firm measures its effectiveness and recommends possible improvements thereto.
The Board of Directors exercises its oversight role in the area of financial reporting and internal control over financial reporting 
through its Audit Committee. This committee, composed solely of independent directors, regularly meets (jointly and separately) 
with the independent registered public accounting firm, management, internal audit and other executives to monitor the proper 
discharge by each of their responsibilities relative to internal control over financial reporting and United States Steel 
Corporation’s financial statements.
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
United States Steel Corporation’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over 
financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of United States 
Steel Corporation’s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, United States Steel 
Corporation conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in 
Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission.
Based on this evaluation, United States Steel Corporation’s management concluded that United States Steel Corporation’s 
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.
The effectiveness of United States Steel Corporation’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, has 
been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which 
is included herein.
/s/ David B. Burritt /s/ Jessica T. Graziano
David B. Burritt Jessica T. Graziano 
President and
Chief Executive Officer
Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer
/s/ Manpreet S. Grewal
Manpreet S. Grewal
Vice President, Controller 
& Chief Accounting Officer
Table of Contents
65
--- PAGE 75 END ---
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of United States Steel Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of United States Steel Corporation and its subsidiaries (the 
“Company”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive 
income (loss), of stockholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, 
including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively 
referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial 
reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position 
of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three 
years in the period ended December 31, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting 
as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control 
over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the 
accompanying Management’s Report to Stockholders on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to 
express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company’s internal control over financial 
reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal 
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the 
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, 
whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material 
respects.
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. 
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by 
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control 
over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a 
material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the 
assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We 
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 
(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions 
of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial 
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or 
Table of Contents
66
--- PAGE 76 END ---
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or 
complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate 
opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Sales Recognition
As described in Notes 1 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, revenue is generated primarily from contracts to produce, 
ship and deliver steel products, and to a lesser extent, raw materials such as iron ore pellets and coke by-products. Sales are 
recognized when the Company’s performance obligations are satisfied. Generally, the Company’s performance obligations are 
satisfied, control of products is transferred, and revenue is recognized at a single point in time, when title transfers to customers 
for products shipped. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company’s net sales were $15.6 billion. 
The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to sales recognition is a critical audit matter 
is a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures related to the Company’s sales recognition. 
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the 
sales recognition process. These procedures also included, among others, for certain components (i) evaluating revenue 
transactions by testing the issuance and settlement of invoices and credit memos (ii) tracing transactions not settled to a detailed 
listing of accounts receivable, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management, and (iv) confirming a 
sample of outstanding customer invoice balances as of December 31, 2024 and, for confirmations not returned, obtaining and 
inspecting source documents, such as invoices, delivery documents, and subsequent cash receipts. For other components, 
these procedures included testing the revenue recognized for a sample of revenue transactions by obtaining and inspecting 
source documents, such as evidence of customer arrangement, invoices, proof of shipment, and subsequent cash receipts. 
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
January 31, 2025
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1903. 
Table of Contents
67
--- PAGE 77 END ---
 UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
Year Ended December 31,
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2022
Net sales:
Net sales $ 13,135 $ 16,038 $ 19,123 
Net sales to related parties (Note 23)  2,505  2,015  1,942 
Total (Note 6)  15,640  18,053  21,065 
Operating expenses (income):
Cost of sales (excludes items shown below)  14,060  15,803  16,777 
Selling, general and administrative expenses  435  501  422 
Depreciation, depletion and amortization (Notes 13 and 14)  913  916  791 
Earnings from investees (Note 12)  (112)  (115)  (243) 
Asset impairment charges (Note 1)  19  129  163 
Restructuring and other charges (Note 25)  8  36  48 
Gain on equity investee transactions (Note 12)  —  —  (6) 
Other losses (gains), net  77  (16)  (47) 
Total  15,400  17,254  17,905 
Earnings before interest and income taxes  240  799  3,160 
Interest expense  24  72  159 
Interest income  (96)  (141)  (44) 
Loss on debt extinguishment (Note 7)  2  —  — 
Other financial costs  29  18  32 
Net periodic benefit income  (132)  (154)  (246) 
Net gain from investments related to active employee benefits (Note 20)  (25)  (43)  — 
Net interest and other financial (benefits) costs (Note 7)  (198)  (248)  (99) 
Earnings before income taxes  438  1,047  3,259 
Income tax expense (Note 11)  54  152  735 
Net earnings  384  895  2,524 
Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests  —  —  — 
Net earnings attributable to United States Steel Corporation $ 384 $ 895 $ 2,524 
Earnings per common share (Note 8)
Earnings per share attributable to United States Steel Corporation stockholders:
—  Basic $ 1.71 $ 3.98 $ 10.22 
—  Diluted $ 1.57 $ 3.56 $ 9.16 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
68
--- PAGE 78 END ---
UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
Year Ended December 31,
(Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022
Net earnings $ 384 $ 895 $ 2,524 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Changes in foreign currency translation adjustments (a)  (70)  54  (91) 
Changes in pension and other employee benefit accounts (a)  (77)  81  (297) 
Changes in derivative financial instruments (a)  80  (9)  (28) 
Changes in fair value of active employee benefit investments (a)  —  5  — 
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax  (67)  131  (416) 
Comprehensive income including noncontrolling interest  317  1,026  2,108 
Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest  —  —  — 
Comprehensive income attributable to United States Steel Corporation $ 317 $ 1,026 $ 2,108 
(a) Related income tax (provision) benefit:
Foreign currency translation adjustments $ 28 $ (3) $ 24 
Pension and other benefits adjustments  23  (24)  95 
Derivative adjustments  (26)  3  9 
Active employee benefit investments  —  (2)  — 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
69
--- PAGE 79 END ---
UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
December 31,
(Dollars in millions) 2024 2023
Assets
Current assets:
Cash and cash equivalents (Note 9) $ 1,367 $ 2,948 
Receivables, less allowance of $26 and $38  1,236  1,390 
Receivables from related parties (Note 23)  162  158 
Inventories (Note 10)  2,168  2,128 
Other current assets  299  319 
Total current assets  5,232  6,943 
Long-term restricted cash (Note 9)  35  32 
Investments and long-term receivables, less allowance of $3 in both periods (Note 12)  757  761 
Operating lease assets (Note 24)  72  109 
Property, plant and equipment, net (Note 13)  11,973  10,393 
Intangibles, net (Note 14)  416  436 
Deferred income tax benefits (Note 11)  —  19 
Goodwill (Note 14)  920  920 
Other noncurrent assets  830  838 
Total assets $ 20,235 $ 20,451 
Liabilities
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable and other accrued liabilities $ 2,601 $ 2,889 
Accounts payable to related parties (Note 23)  146  139 
Payroll and benefits payable  295  442 
Accrued taxes  131  222 
Accrued interest  70  70 
Current operating lease liabilities (Note 24)  35  44 
Short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt (Note 17)  95  142 
Total current liabilities  3,373  3,948 
Noncurrent operating lease liabilities (Note 24)  44  73 
Long-term debt, less unamortized discount and debt issuance costs (Note 17)  4,078  4,080 
Employee benefits (Note 18)  117  126 
Deferred income tax liabilities (Note 11)  657  587 
Deferred credits and other noncurrent liabilities  526  497 
Total liabilities  8,795  9,311 
Contingencies and commitments (Note 26)
Stockholders’ Equity
Common stock issued — 288,088,141 and 285,959,739 shares issued (par value $1 per share, 
authorized 400,000,000 shares) (Note 8)  288  286 
Treasury stock, at cost (62,907,930 shares and 62,288,523 shares)  (1,446)  (1,418) 
Additional paid-in capital  5,307  5,253 
Retained earnings  7,219  6,880 
Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income (Note 21)  (21)  46 
Total United States Steel Corporation stockholders’ equity  11,347  11,047 
Noncontrolling interests  93  93 
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 20,235 $ 20,451 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
70
--- PAGE 80 END ---
UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
Year Ended December 31,
(Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
Operating activities:
Net earnings $ 384 $ 895 $ 2,524 
Adjustments to reconcile net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation, depletion and amortization (Notes 13 and 14)  913  916  791 
Asset impairment charges (Note 1)  19  129  163 
Gain on equity investee transactions (Note 12)  —  —  (6) 
Restructuring and other charges (Note 25)  8  36  48 
Loss on debt extinguishment (Note 7)  2  —  — 
Pensions and other post-employment benefits  (133)  (157)  (213) 
Active employee benefit investments  65  32  — 
Deferred income taxes (Note 11)  113  97  501 
Net gain on sale of assets  (5)  (6)  (12) 
Equity investees earnings, net of distributions received  (3)  (1)  (215) 
Changes in:
Current receivables  174  103  370 
Inventories  (71)  257  (222) 
Current accounts payable and accrued expenses  (285)  25  (180) 
Income taxes receivable/payable  (126)  (27)  (15) 
All other, net  (136)  (199)  (29) 
Net cash provided by operating activities  919  2,100  3,505 
Investing activities:
Capital expenditures  (2,287)  (2,576)  (1,769) 
Proceeds from cost reimbursement government grants (Note 26)  —  —  54 
Proceeds from sale of assets  5  8  32 
Proceeds from sale of ownership interests in equity investees (Note 12)  —  —  12 
Other investing activities  6  —  (8) 
Net cash used in investing activities  (2,276)  (2,568)  (1,679) 
Financing activities:
Issuance of long-term debt, net of financing costs (Note 17)  —  241  343 
Repayment of long-term debt (Note 17)  (128)  (89)  (382) 
Common stock repurchased (Note 27)  —  (175)  (849) 
Proceeds from government incentives (Note 26)  —  —  82 
Other financing activities  (71)  (75)  (62) 
Net cash used in financing activities  (199)  (98)  (868) 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash  (19)  15  (19) 
Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  (1,575)  (551)  939 
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year (Note 9)  2,988  3,539  2,600 
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year (Note 9) $ 1,413 $ 2,988 $ 3,539 
See Note 22 for supplemental cash flow information.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
71
--- PAGE 81 END ---
UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Dollars in Millions Shares in Thousands
2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022
Common stock:
Balance at beginning of year $ 286 $ 283 $ 280  285,960  282,487  279,522 
Common stock issued  2  3  3  2,128  3,473  2,965 
Balance at end of year $ 288 $ 286 $ 283  288,088  285,960  282,487 
Treasury stock:
Balance at beginning of year $ (1,418) $ (1,204) $ (334)  (62,289)  (54,090)  (15,709) 
Common stock repurchased  —  (175)  (849)  —  (7,092)  (37,559) 
Excise tax on common stock repurchased  —  (1)  —  —  —  — 
Common stock repurchased for employee/
non-employee director stock plans  (28)  (38)  (21)  (619)  (1,107)  (822) 
Balance at end of year $ (1,446) $ (1,418) $ (1,204)  (62,908)  (62,289)  (54,090) 
Additional paid-in capital:
Balance at beginning of year $ 5,253 $ 5,194 $ 5,199 
Employee stock plans  54  59  72 
Cumulative effect upon adoption of 
Accounting Standards Update 2020-06  —  —  (77) 
Balance at end of year $ 5,307 $ 5,253 $ 5,194 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
72
--- PAGE 82 END ---
UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
(Continued)
Comprehensive Income (Loss)
(Dollars in millions) 2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022
Retained earnings:
Balance at beginning of year $ 6,880 $ 6,030 $ 3,534 
Net earnings attributable to United States Steel 
Corporation  384  895  2,524 $ 384 $ 895 $ 2,524 
Dividends on common stock  (46)  (45)  (50) 
Cumulative effect upon adoption of Accounting 
Standards Update 2020-06  —  —  22 
Other  1  —  — 
Balance at end of year $ 7,219 $ 6,880 $ 6,030 
Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income:
Pension and other benefit adjustments (Note 18):
Balance at beginning of year $ (241) $ (322) $ (25) 
Changes during year, net of taxes (a)  (77)  79  (304)  (77)  79  (304) 
Changes during year, equity investee net of taxes (a)  —  2  7  —  2  7 
Balance at end of year $ (318) $ (241) $ (322) 
Foreign currency translation adjustments:
Balance at beginning of year $ 334 $ 280 $ 371 
Changes during year, net of taxes (a)  (70)  54  (91)  (70)  54  (91) 
Balance at end of year $ 264 $ 334 $ 280 
Derivative financial instruments:
Balance at beginning of year $ (52) $ (43) $ (15) 
Changes during year, net of taxes (a)  80  (9)  (28)  80  (9)  (28) 
Balance at end of year $ 28 $ (52) $ (43) 
Fair value of active employee benefit investments
Balance at beginning of year $ 5 $ — $ — 
Changes during year, net of taxes (a)  —  5  —  —  5  — 
Balance at end of year $ 5 $ 5 $ — 
Total balances at end of year $ (21) $ 46 $ (85) 
Total stockholders’ equity $ 11,347 $ 11,047 $ 10,218 
Noncontrolling interests:
Balance at beginning of year $ 93 $ 93 $ 93 
Net loss  —  —  —  —  —  — 
Balance at end of year $ 93 $ 93 $ 93 
Total comprehensive income $ 317 $ 1,026 $ 2,108 
(a) Related income tax (provision) benefit:
Foreign currency translation adjustments $ 28 $ (3) $ 24 
Pension and other benefits adjustments  23  (24)  95 
Derivative adjustments  (26)  3  9 
Active employee benefit investments  —  (2)  — 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
73
--- PAGE 83 END ---
1. Nature of Business and Significant Accounting Policies
Nature of Business
U. S. Steel produces and sells steel products, including flat-rolled and tubular products, in North America and Europe. 
Operations in the United States also include iron ore and coke production facilities and real estate operations. Operations 
in Europe also include coke production facilities.
Agreement and Plan of Merger with Nippon Steel Corporation
On December 18, 2023, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (such agreement, as it may be 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”) by and among the Company, Nippon 
Steel North America, Inc., a New York corporation (“Purchaser”), 2023 Merger Subsidiary, Inc., a Delaware corporation 
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser (“Merger Sub”), and solely as provided in Section 9.13 therein, Nippon Steel 
Corporation, a Japanese corporation (“NSC”). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions described therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the 
surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser (the “Merger”). On April 12, 2024, the Company 
obtained the approval of its stockholders required to adopt the Merger Agreement. U. S. Steel stockholders approved the 
Merger with 98.8% approval of shares voted, satisfying a condition to closing. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth 
in the Merger Agreement, each share of the Company’s common stock, par value $1.00 per share, outstanding 
immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (the “Effective Time”) will, at the Effective Time, automatically be 
converted into the right to receive $55.00 per share in cash, without interest, subject to any required tax withholding. The 
parties have substantially complied with the Second Requests issued on April 3, 2024 and the statutory waiting period 
under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 has now expired. In addition, all required regulatory 
approvals outside of the United States related to the Merger have been received. The closing conditions to the Merger 
include clearance by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (“CFIUS”) under the Defense Production 
Act of 1950, as amended. Following referral of the transaction by CFIUS to the President of the United States, on January 
3, 2025, the President of the United States issued an order prohibiting the Merger and requiring the parties to abandon the 
Merger Agreement within thirty days. On January 10, 2025, CFIUS granted an extension of that deadline to June 18, 
2025.
On January 6, 2025, the Company, NSC and Purchaser jointly filed a lawsuit in the United States Court of Appeals for the 
District of Columbia Circuit alleging that the President’s order blocking the Merger was issued for purely political reasons, 
which are irrelevant to U.S. national security, challenging the decision by the President of the United States and the 
CFIUS process as violating the constitutional due process rights of the Company, NSC and Purchaser, as well as the 
applicable statute governing CFIUS and the Administrative Procedure Act, and as an exercise of power that exceeded the 
authority provided to the President of the United States under the applicable statute. The Company, NSC and Purchaser 
also filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania against Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. 
(“Cliffs”), Cliffs’ Chief Executive Officer Lourenco Goncalves, and the President of the United Steel, Paper and Forestry, 
Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied Industrial and Service Workers International Union (the “USW”), David McCall, for 
engaging in a coordinated series of anticompetitive and racketeering activities illegally designed to prevent any party other 
than Cliffs from acquiring the Company as part of an illegal campaign to monopolize critical domestic steel markets.
The Merger Agreement requires us to operate in the ordinary course of business and restricts us, without the consent of 
Purchaser, from taking certain specified actions agreed by the parties to be outside the ordinary course of business until 
the pending Merger occurs or the Merger Agreement terminates.
Significant Accounting Policies
Principles applied in consolidation
These financial statements include the accounts of U. S. Steel and its majority-owned subsidiaries. Additionally, variable 
interest entities for which U. S. Steel is the primary beneficiary are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, and 
their impacts are either partially or completely offset by noncontrolling interests. Intercompany accounts, transactions and 
profits have been eliminated in consolidation.
Investments in entities over which U. S. Steel has significant influence are accounted for using the equity method of 
accounting and are carried at U. S. Steel’s share of net assets plus loans, advances and our share of earnings less 
distributions.
Earnings or loss from investees includes U. S. Steel’s share of earnings or loss from equity method investments (and any 
amortization of basis differences), which are generally recorded a month in arrears. 
Use of estimates
Generally accepted accounting principles require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the 
reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at year-end and the reported 
amounts of revenues and expenses during the year. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include 
the carrying value of property, plant and equipment; intangible assets; the fair value of assets or liabilities acquired in a 
business combination; valuation allowances for receivables, inventories and deferred income tax assets and liabilities; 
Table of Contents
74
--- PAGE 84 END ---
environmental liabilities; liabilities for potential tax deficiencies; potential litigation claims and settlements; assets and 
obligations related to employee benefits; and restructuring and other charges. Actual results could differ materially from 
the estimates and assumptions used.
The preparation of the financial statements includes an assessment of certain accounting matters using all available 
information including consideration of forecasted financial information in context with other information reasonably 
available to us. However, our future assessment of current expectations could result in material impacts to our 
consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature unless 
disclosed otherwise. 
Sales recognition
Sales are recognized when U. S. Steel’s performance obligations are satisfied. Generally, U. S. Steel’s performance 
obligations are satisfied, control of our products is transferred, and revenue is recognized at a single point in time, when 
title transfers to our customer for product shipped or when services are provided. Revenues are recorded net of any sales 
incentives. Shipping and other transportation costs charged to customers are treated as fulfillment activities and are 
recorded as additional net sales and cost of sales at the time control is transferred to the customer. See Note 6 for further 
details on U. S. Steel’s revenue. 
Inventories
Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Fixed costs related to abnormal production capacity are 
expensed in the period incurred rather than capitalized into inventory.
LIFO is the predominant method of inventory costing for inventories held by the Flat-Rolled and Tubular segments. The 
Mini Mill segment uses a moving average costing method to account for semi-finished and finished products and FIFO to 
account for raw materials. FIFO is the predominant method used by the USSE segment. The LIFO method of inventory 
costing was used on 53 percent of consolidated inventories at both December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023.
Derivative instruments
From time to time, U. S. Steel may use fixed price forward physical purchase contracts to partially manage our exposure 
to price risk. Generally, forward physical purchase contracts qualify for the normal purchase normal sales exclusion in 
Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 815, Derivatives and Hedging , and are not subject to mark-to-market 
accounting. U. S. Steel also uses derivatives such as commodity-based financial swaps and foreign currency exchange 
forward contracts to manage its exposure to purchase and sale price fluctuations and foreign currency exchange rate risk. 
The USSE and Flat-Rolled segments elect hedge accounting for some of their derivatives. Under hedge accounting, 
fluctuations in the value of the derivative are recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income (AOCI) until 
the associated underlying is recognized in earnings. When the associated underlying is recognized in earnings, the value 
of the derivative is reclassified to earnings from AOCI. The Mini Mill segment has not elected hedge accounting. 
Therefore, the changes in fair value of the Mini Mill segment’s foreign exchange forwards, as well as fair value changes 
for other derivatives where hedge accounting has not been elected, are recognized immediately in earnings. In 
accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 820 on fair value measurements and disclosures, the fair value of our foreign 
exchange forwards, commodity purchase swaps and sales swaps was determined using Level 2 inputs, which are defined 
as “significant other observable” inputs. The inputs used are from market sources that aggregate data based upon market 
transactions. See Note 16 for further details on U. S. Steel’s derivatives.
Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and is depreciated on a straight-line basis 
over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Depletion of mineral properties is based on rates which are expected to amortize cost over the estimated tonnage of 
minerals to be removed.
When property, plant and equipment is sold or otherwise disposed of, any gains or losses are reflected in income. If a loss 
on disposal is expected, such losses are recognized when the assets are reclassified as assets held for sale or when 
impaired as part of an asset group’s impairment. 
Asset Impairment
U. S. Steel evaluates impairment of its property, plant and equipment whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying 
value may not be recoverable. We evaluate the impairment of long-lived assets at the asset group level. Our asset groups 
are flat-rolled, mini mill, USSE, welded tubular and seamless tubular. Asset impairments are recognized when the carrying 
value of an asset group exceeds its recoverable amount as determined by the asset group’s aggregate projected 
undiscounted cash flows.
In 2024, the Company recognized impairment charges of approximately $19 million for certain indefinitely idled assets at 
Granite City Works and certain permanently idled assets at Clairton Works. In 2023, the Company recognized charges of 
approximately $123 million for impairment of indefinitely idled iron and steel making assets at Granite City Works. In 2022, 
Table of Contents
75
--- PAGE 85 END ---
impairment charges of approximately $151 million were recognized for the write-off of iron making and steel making 
assets at Great Lakes Works. The coil finishing processes at Granite City Works and Great Lakes Works continue to 
operate and remain components of the Company’s operating plans. These impairment charges were the result of actions 
impacting specific, identifiable assets and were not significantly adverse to the flat-rolled long-lived asset group.
No triggering events that required an impairment evaluation of our long-lived asset groups were identified during the years 
ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost over the fair value of acquired identifiable tangible and intangible assets and 
liabilities assumed from businesses acquired. Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not 
amortized, but are subject to impairment testing annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances 
indicate the asset might be impaired. We perform our annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1 and monitor for 
interim triggering events on an ongoing basis.
We review goodwill for impairment utilizing either a qualitative assessment or a quantitative goodwill impairment test. If we 
choose to perform a qualitative assessment and we determine that the fair value of the reporting unit more likely than not 
exceeds the carrying value, no further evaluation is necessary. For reporting units where we perform the quantitative 
goodwill impairment test, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit, which we primarily determine using an income 
approach based on the present value of discounted cash flows, to the respective carrying value, which includes goodwill. 
If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, we do not consider the goodwill impaired. If the carrying 
value is higher than the fair value, we recognize the difference as an impairment loss. 
A quantitative goodwill impairment testing process requires valuation of the respective reporting unit, which we primarily 
determine using an income approach based on a discounted cash flow forecast covering discrete periods of time including 
a terminal value. We compute the terminal value using the constant growth method, which values the forecasted cash 
flows in perpetuity. The assumptions about future cash flows and growth rates are based on the respective reporting unit’s 
long-term forecast and are subject to review and approval by senior management. A reporting unit’s discount rate is a 
significant assumption and is a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital, which we believe approximates the rate 
from a market participant’s perspective. The estimated fair value could be impacted by changes in market conditions, 
interest rates, growth rates, tax rates, costs, pricing and capital expenditures. We categorize the fair value determination 
as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to its use of internal projections and unobservable measurement inputs. 
Our Mini Mill reporting unit holds the goodwill recognized as a result of the Company’s acquisition of Big River Steel and 
currently is our only reporting unit that has a significant amount of goodwill. This goodwill is primarily attributable to Big 
River Steel’s operational abilities, workforce and the anticipated benefits from their recent expansion. U. S. Steel 
completed its annual goodwill impairment test using a qualitative assessment during the fourth quarter of 2024 and 
determined there was no impairment of goodwill.
Intangible assets with indefinite lives are also subject to at least annual impairment testing, which compares the fair value 
of the intangible assets with their carrying amounts. U. S. Steel has determined that certain of its acquired intangible 
assets have indefinite useful lives. These assets are also reviewed for impairment annually in the fourth quarter and 
whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. U. S. Steel completed its annual 
evaluation of its indefinite-lived water rights using a qualitative assessment and determined there was no indication of 
impairment.
Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives and are tested for 
impairment when events occur that indicate that the net book value will not be recovered over future cash flows.
Environmental remediation
Environmental expenditures are capitalized if the costs mitigate or prevent future contamination or if the costs improve 
existing assets’ environmental safety or efficiency. U. S. Steel provides for remediation costs and penalties when the 
responsibility to remediate is probable and the amount of associated costs is reasonably estimable. The timing of 
remediation accruals typically coincides with completion of studies defining the scope of work to be undertaken or when it 
is probable that a formal plan of action will be approved by the oversight agency. Remediation liabilities are accrued based 
on estimates of believed environmental exposure and are discounted if the amount and timing of the cash disbursements 
are readily determinable.
Asset retirement obligations
Asset retirement obligations (AROs) are initially recorded at fair value and are capitalized as part of the cost of the related 
long-lived asset and depreciated in accordance with U. S. Steel’s depreciation policies for property, plant and equipment. 
The fair value of the obligation is determined as the discounted value of expected future cash flows. Accretion expense is 
recorded each month to increase this discounted obligation over time. Certain AROs related to disposal costs of the 
majority of assets at our integrated steel facilities are not recorded because they have an indeterminate settlement date. 
Table of Contents
76
--- PAGE 86 END ---
These AROs will be initially recognized in the period in which sufficient information exists to estimate their fair value. See 
Note 19 for further details on U. S. Steel’s AROs.
Pensions and other post-employment benefits
U. S. Steel has defined contribution plans or multiemployer arrangements for pension benefits for more than 85 percent of 
its employees in the United States and defined benefit pension plans covering the remaining employees. For hires before 
January 1, 2016, U. S. Steel has defined benefit retiree health care and life insurance plans (Other Benefits) that cover its 
represented employees in North America upon their retirement. Government-sponsored programs into which U. S. Steel 
makes required contributions cover U. S. Steel’s European employees. For more details regarding pension and other 
post-employment benefits see Note 18 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The pension and Other Benefits obligations and the related net periodic benefit costs are based on, among other things, 
assumptions regarding the discount rate, estimated return on plan assets, salary increases, the projected mortality of 
participants and the current level and future escalation of health care costs. Additionally, U. S. Steel recognizes an 
obligation to provide post-employment benefits for disability-related claims covering indemnity and medical payments for 
certain employees in North America. The obligation for these claims and the related periodic costs are measured using 
actuarial techniques and assumptions. Actuarial gains and losses occur when actual experience differs from any of the 
many assumptions used to value the benefit plans, or when assumptions change. For pension and Other Benefits, the 
Company recognizes into income on an annual basis a portion of unrecognized actuarial net gains or losses that exceed 
10 percent of the larger of projected benefit obligations or plan assets (the corridor). These unrecognized amounts in 
excess of the corridor are amortized over the plan participants’ average life expectancy or average future service, 
depending on the demographics of the plan. Unrecognized actuarial net gains and losses for disability-related claims are 
immediately recognized into income.
Deferred taxes
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences 
between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. The 
realization of deferred tax assets is assessed quarterly based on several interrelated factors. These factors include 
U. S. Steel’s expectation to generate sufficient future taxable income and the projected time period over which these 
deferred tax assets will be realized. U. S. Steel records a valuation allowance when necessary to reduce deferred tax 
assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. See Note 11 for further details of deferred taxes. 
2. New Accounting Standards
During the year ended December 31, 2024, there were no new accounting standards and interpretations issued which 
are expected to have a material impact on the Company’s financial position, operations or cash flows.
In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update 2024-03, 
Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses (ASU 2024-03). ASU 2024-03 includes requirements that an entity 
disclose in the notes to the financial statements specified information about certain costs and expenses, including the 
amounts of (a) purchases of inventory, (b) employee compensation, (c) depreciation, (d) intangible asset amortization, 
and (e) other amounts of depletion expense included in each relevant expense caption presented on the statement of 
operations. The standard also requires disclosure of a qualitative description of the amounts remaining in relevant 
expense captions that are not separately disaggregated quantitatively, as well as the total amount of selling expenses 
and an entity’s definition of selling expenses. ASU 2024-03 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 
2026, and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027. U. S. Steel is currently assessing the impact of ASU 
2024-03 on its disclosures.
In March 2024, the SEC adopted final rules that would require certain climate related disclosures. Certain disclosures 
would be required in the notes to the financial statements beginning in fiscal year 2025. The audited financial statement 
disclosures include capitalized costs and expenses related to severe weather events and other natural conditions subject 
to certain materiality thresholds. Beginning in annual disclosures for fiscal year 2026, certain greenhouse gas emission 
disclosures would also be required. In April 2024, the SEC issued a stay on the rules until legal challenges to the rule are 
addressed. U. S. Steel is monitoring the legal challenges and assessing the impact of the rules on its disclosures.
In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures  
(ASU 2023-09). ASU 2023-09 includes requirements that an entity disclose specific categories in the rate reconciliation 
and provide additional information for reconciling items that are greater than five percent of the amount computed by 
multiplying pretax income (or loss) by the applicable statutory income tax rate. The standard also requires that entities 
disclose income (or loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (or benefit) and income tax expense (or 
benefit) each disaggregated between domestic and foreign. In addition, the standard also requires disclosure of payment 
amounts disaggregated by federal, state, and foreign, as well as by major jurisdiction. ASU 2023-09 is effective for 
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. U. S. Steel is currently assessing the impact of ASU 2023-09 on its 
disclosures.  
Table of Contents
77
--- PAGE 87 END ---
3. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards
In November 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2023-07, Improvements to Reportable Segment 
Disclosures (ASU 2023-07). ASU 2023-07 includes requirements that an entity disclose the title of the chief operating 
decision maker (CODM) and on an interim and annual basis, significant segment expenses and the composition of other 
segment items for each segment’s reported profit. The standard also permits disclosure of additional measures of 
segment profit. ASU 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within 
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. U. S. Steel adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2024 for annual 
reporting and applied the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements. The amendments for interim periods will be adopted in our fiscal year beginning on January 1, 2025. See 
Note 4 for further details on segment information.
In September 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2022-04, Disclosure of Supplier Finance Program 
Obligations (ASU 2022-04). ASU 2022-04 requires that an entity disclose certain information about supplier finance 
programs used in connection with the purchase of goods and services. ASU 2022-04 is effective for all entities with fiscal 
years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years, except for the amendment on 
roll-forward information, which is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. U. S. Steel adopted this 
guidance effective January 1, 2023, with the exception of the amendment on roll-forward information, which was adopted 
in our fiscal year beginning on January 1, 2024 and applied prospectively.
The Company has a SCF arrangement with a third-party administrator which allows participating suppliers, at their sole 
discretion, to make offers to sell payment obligations of the Company prior to their scheduled due dates at a discounted 
price to a participating financial institution. The third-party administrator entered into a separate agreement with the 
Export Import Bank of the United States to guarantee 90 percent of supplier obligations sold for up to $95 million. No 
guarantees or collateral are provided by the Company or any of its subsidiaries under the SCF program, and the 
Company does not benefit from any preferential payment terms or discounts as a result of supplier participation.
The Company’s goal is to capture overall supplier savings and improve working capital efficiency. The agreements 
facilitate the suppliers’ ability to sell payment obligations, while providing them with greater working capital flexibility. The 
Company has no economic interest in the sale of the suppliers’ receivables and no direct financial relationship with the 
financial institution concerning these services. The Company’s obligations to its suppliers, including amounts due and 
scheduled payment dates, are not impacted by suppliers’ decisions to sell amounts under the arrangements. The SCF 
program requires the Company to pay the third-party administrator the stated amount of the confirmed participating 
supplier invoices. The payment terms for confirmed invoices range from 45 to 90 days after the end of the month in 
which the invoice was issued.
The underlying costs from suppliers that elected to participate in the SCF program are generally recorded in cost of sales 
in the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations. Amounts due to suppliers who participate in the SCF program 
are reflected in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets and payments 
on the obligations by our suppliers are included in cash used in operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of 
Cash Flows. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, accounts payable and accrued expenses included $62 million and 
$84 million, respectively, of outstanding payment obligations which suppliers elected to sell to participating financial 
institutions.
The roll-forward of the Company’s outstanding obligations confirmed as valid under its SCF program for the year ended 
December 31, 2024 is as follows:
(in millions) 2024
Confirmed obligations outstanding at beginning of year $197
Invoices confirmed 936
Invoices paid (935)
Confirmed obligations outstanding at end of year $198
4. Segment Information
U. S. Steel has four reportable segments: North American Flat-Rolled, Mini Mill, USSE and Tubular Products. The results 
of our real estate business are disclosed in the Other category. The majority of U. S. Steel’s customers are located in 
North America and Europe. During 2024, sales to one customer of the Flat-Rolled segment were approximately 
$2.0 billion which exceeded 10 percent of U. S. Steel’s total consolidated net sales. During 2023 and 2022, no single 
customer accounted for more than 10 percent of U. S. Steel’s total consolidated net sales.
The Flat-Rolled segment includes the operating results of U. S. Steel’s integrated steel plants and equity investees in the 
United States involved in the production of slabs, strip mill plates, sheets and tin mill products, as well as all pig iron, iron 
Table of Contents
78
--- PAGE 88 END ---
ore and coke production facilities in the United States. These operations primarily serve North American customers in the 
service center, conversion, transportation (including automotive), construction, container and appliance and electrical 
markets. 
The Mini Mill segment includes the operating results of Big River Steel and BR2 steel plants in Osceola, Arkansas 
involved in the production of sheets and electrical products. These operations primarily serve North American customers 
in the service center, conversion, transportation (including automotive), construction, container and appliance and 
electrical markets.
The USSE segment includes the operating results of USSK, U. S. Steel’s integrated steel plant and coke production 
facilities in Slovakia, and its subsidiaries. USSE conducts its business mainly in Central and Western Europe and primarily 
serves customers in the European transportation (including automotive), construction, container, appliance, electrical, 
service center, conversion and oil, gas and petrochemical markets. USSE produces and sells slabs, hot-rolled, cold-rolled, 
hot-dip galvanized, and color-coated coils, electrical steel, strip mill plate, sheet, tin mill products and spiral welded pipe.
The Tubular segment includes the operating results of U. S. Steel’s tubular production facilities and an equity investee in 
the United States. These operations produce and sell rounds, seamless and electric resistance welded (welded) steel 
casing and tubing (commonly known as oil country tubular goods or OCTG), standard and line pipe and mechanical tubing 
and primarily serve customers in the oil, gas and petrochemical markets. The Tubular segment includes the electric arc 
furnace at our Fairfield Tubular Operations in Fairfield, Alabama.
The chief operating decision maker (CODM), which is the chief executive officer, evaluates segment performance and 
determines resource allocations based on a number of factors, the primary measure being earnings (loss) before interest, 
taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA). EBITDA for reportable segments and the Other category does not include 
net interest and other financial costs (income), income taxes, and certain other items that management believes are not 
indicative of future results. For all of the segments, the CODM uses segment EBITDA in the Annual Operating Plan (AOP) 
and monthly performance review processes. The CODM considers AOP-to-actual EBITDA variances on a monthly, 
quarter-to-date, and year-to-date basis for evaluating performance of each segment and making decisions about resource 
allocations to each segment.
The accounting principles applied at the operating segment level in determining earnings (loss) before interest, taxes, 
depreciation and amortization are generally the same as those applied at the consolidated financial statement level. 
Intersegment sales and transfers are accounted for at market-based prices and are eliminated at the corporate 
consolidation level. Corporate-level selling, general and administrative expenses and costs related to certain former 
businesses are allocated to the reportable segments and Other based on measures of activity that management believes 
are reasonable.
Table of Contents
79
--- PAGE 89 END ---
The results of segment operations are as follows:
(In millions) Flat-Rolled Mini Mill USSE Tubular Total
2024
Customer sales $ 9,604 $ 2,070 $ 2,983 $ 970 $ 15,627 
Intersegment sales  211  347  24  7  589 
Net sales  9,815  2,417  3,007  977  16,216 
Other net sales (a)  13 
Elimination of intersegment sales  (589) 
Total net sales $ 15,640 
Less: (b)
Cost of sales  8,775  2,063  2,898  843  14,579 
Earnings from investees  (90)  —  —  (22)  (112) 
Other segment items (c)  196  121  38  21  376 
Segment earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation 
and amortization  934  233  71  135 $ 1,373 
Other loss before interest, taxes, depreciation and 
amortization (a)
 (7) 
Depreciation, depletion and amortization  (913) 
Items not allocated to segments:
Restructuring and other charges (Note 25)  (8) 
Stock-based compensation expense (Note 15)  (51) 
Asset impairment charges  (19) 
Environmental remediation charges  (18) 
Strategic alternatives review process costs  (90) 
Granite City idling costs  (11) 
Other charges, net  (16) 
Earnings before interest and income taxes $ 240 
Net interest and other financial benefits  (198) 
Earnings before income taxes $ 438 
Capital expenditures (d)  495  1,641  118  33  2,287 
Segment depreciation, depletion and amortization  (535)  (203)  (125)  (50)  (913) 
Other depreciation, depletion and amortization (a)  — 
Total depreciation, depletion and amortization $ (913) 
Assets (d)  7,266  9,339  1,904  975  19,484 
Other assets (a)  127 
Corporate, reconciling items, and eliminations (e)  624 
Total assets $ 20,235 
(a) The results of our real estate business are disclosed in the Other category.
(b) The significant expense (income) categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly provided to the 
CODM. Intersegment expenses are included within the amounts shown.
(c) Other segment items primarily include selling, general and administrative expenses, BRS recycling tax credit revenue and BR2 
startup costs.
(d) Mini Mill includes capital expenditures and assets related to BR2 of $1.4 billion and $4.7 billion, respectively.
(e) The majority of Corporate, reconciling items, and eliminations total assets is comprised of cash and the elimination of intersegment 
amounts.
Table of Contents
80
--- PAGE 90 END ---
(In millions) Flat-Rolled Mini Mill USSE Tubular Total
2023
Customer sales $ 10,744 $ 2,223 $ 3,525 $ 1,551 $ 18,043 
Intersegment sales  365  455  25  1  846 
Net sales  11,109  2,678  3,550  1,552  18,889 
Other net sales (a)  10 
Elimination of intersegment sales  (846) 
Total net sales $ 18,053 
Less: (b)
Cost of sales  9,899  2,259  3,413  931  16,502 
Earnings from investees  (72)  —  —  (43)  (115) 
Other segment items (c)  259  36  39  26  360 
Segment earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation 
and amortization  1,023  383  98  638 $ 2,142 
Other loss before interest, taxes, depreciation and 
amortization (a)
 (3) 
Depreciation, depletion and amortization  (916) 
Items not allocated to segments:
Restructuring and other charges (Note 25)  (36) 
Stock-based compensation expense (Note 15)  (51) 
Asset impairment charges  (127) 
Environmental remediation charges  (11) 
Strategic alternatives review process costs  (79) 
Granite City idling costs  (121) 
Other charges, net  1 
Earnings before interest and income taxes $ 799 
Net interest and other financial benefits  (248) 
Earnings before income taxes $ 1,047 
Capital expenditures (d)  536  1,899  109  32  2,576 
Segment depreciation, depletion and amortization  (605)  (168)  (94)  (49)  (916) 
Other depreciation, depletion and amortization (a)  — 
Total depreciation, depletion and amortization $ (916) 
Assets (d)  7,546  7,569  2,229  1,002  18,346 
Other assets (a)  140 
Corporate, reconciling items, and eliminations (e)  1,965 
Total assets $ 20,451 
(a) The results of our real estate business are disclosed in the Other category.
(b) The significant expense (income) categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly provided to the 
CODM. Intersegment expenses are included within the amounts shown.
(c) Other segment items primarily include selling, general and administrative expenses, BRS recycling tax credit revenue and BR2 
startup costs.
(d) Mini Mill includes capital expenditures and assets related to BR2 of $1.5 billion and $3.0 billion, respectively.
(e) The majority of Corporate, reconciling items, and eliminations total assets is comprised of cash and the elimination of intersegment 
amounts.
Table of Contents
81
--- PAGE 91 END ---
(In millions) Flat-Rolled Mini Mill USSE Tubular Total
2022
Customer sales $ 12,522 $ 2,681 $ 4,243 $ 1,611 $ 21,057 
Intersegment sales  350  366  13  5  734 
Net sales  12,872  3,047  4,256  1,616  21,791 
Other net sales (a)  9 
Elimination of intersegment sales  (735) 
Total net sales $ 21,065 
Less: (b)
Cost of sales  10,357  2,381  3,696  1,024  17,458 
Earnings from investees  (220)  —  —  (23)  (243) 
Other segment items (c)  228  27  31  23  309 
Segment earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation 
and amortization  2,507  639  529  592 $ 4,267 
Other earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and 
amortization (a)
 23 
Depreciation, depletion and amortization  (791) 
Items not allocated to segments:
Restructuring and other charges (Note 25)  (48) 
Stock-based compensation expense (Note 15)  (57) 
Asset impairment charges  (163) 
Environmental remediation charges  (13) 
United Steelworkers labor agreement signing bonus 
and related costs  (64) 
Gains on assets sold & previously held investments  6 
Earnings before interest and income taxes $ 3,160 
Net interest and other financial benefits  (99) 
Earnings before income taxes $ 3,259 
Capital expenditures (d)  503  1,159  90  17  1,769 
Segment depreciation, depletion and amortization  (499)  (158)  (85)  (48)  (790) 
Other depreciation, depletion and amortization (a)  (1) 
Total depreciation, depletion and amortization $ (791) 
Assets (d)  7,936  5,787  2,175  1,140  17,038 
Other assets (a)  141 
Corporate, reconciling items, and eliminations (e)  2,279 
Total assets $ 19,458 
(a) The results of our real estate business are disclosed in the Other category.
(b) The significant expense (income) categories and amounts align with the segment-level information that is regularly provided to the 
CODM. Intersegment expenses are included within the amounts shown.
(c) Other segment items primarily include selling, general and administrative expenses, BRS recycling tax credit revenue and 
adjustments in electricity purchase agreements.
(d) Mini Mill includes capital expenditures and assets related to BR2 of $0.8 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively.
(e) The majority of Corporate, reconciling items, and eliminations total assets is comprised of cash and the elimination of intersegment 
amounts.
Table of Contents
82
--- PAGE 92 END ---
Geographic Area:
The information below summarizes external sales, property, plant and equipment and equity method investments based on 
the location of the operating segment to which they relate.
(In millions) Year
External
Sales Assets
North America 2024 $ 12,657 $ 11,853 (a)
2023  14,528  10,223 (a)
2022  16,822  8,459 (a)
Europe 2024  2,983  854 
2023  3,525  910 
2022  4,243  843 
Total 2024  15,640  12,707 
2023  18,053  11,133 
2022  21,065  9,302 
(a) Assets with a book value of $11,853 million, $10,223 million, and $8,459 million were located in the United States at December 31, 
2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
5.  Dispositions
Real Property, South Works Disposition
In July 2024, the Company entered into a purchase and sale agreement with a third party for the sale of substantially all of 
the Company’s former South Works real property. The Company will convey title of the property to the buyer for expected 
proceeds of approximately $70 million. This transaction is expected to close within the next 12 months.
USS-UPI, LLC Disposition
In December 2023, production at USS-UPI, LLC (UPI) was indefinitely idled. The Company has accrued a total of 
$44 million and $108 million for severance, exit costs and employee benefits as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
respectively. Payments of $59 million for these items were made during the year ended December 31, 2024. The 
Company has previously committed to, and continues to intend to, pursue the disposition of certain assets related to the 
UPI facility.
As of December 31, 2024, the South Works property and the UPI facility are recorded as assets held-for-sale which are 
recorded in Other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
6. Revenue
Revenue is generated primarily from contracts to produce, ship and deliver steel products, and to a lesser extent, raw 
materials sales such as iron ore pellets and coke by-products and real estate sales. Generally, U. S. Steel’s performance 
obligations are satisfied and revenue is recognized when title transfers to our customer for product shipped or services are 
provided. Revenues are recorded net of any sales incentives. Shipping and other transportation costs charged to 
customers are treated as fulfillment activities and are recorded in both revenue and cost of sales at the time control to the 
related good being shipped is transferred to the customer. Costs related to obtaining sales contracts are incidental and are 
expensed when incurred. Because customers are invoiced at the time title transfers and U. S. Steel’s right to 
consideration is unconditional at that time, U. S. Steel does not maintain contract asset balances. Additionally, U. S. Steel 
does not maintain contract liability balances, as performance obligations are satisfied prior to customer payment for 
product. U. S. Steel offers industry standard payment terms.
The following tables disaggregate our revenue by product for each of our reportable business segments for the years 
ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively (Net Sales by Product, excluding intersegment sales, in 
millions):
Year Ended December 31, 2024 Flat-Rolled Mini Mill USSE Tubular Other Total
Semi-finished $ 84 $ — $ 78 $ 35 $ — $ 197 
Hot-rolled sheets  1,566  1,039  1,468  —  —  4,073 
Cold-rolled sheets  3,665  325  229  —  —  4,219 
Coated sheets  2,899  701  1,052  —  —  4,652 
Tubular products  —  —  51  913  —  964 
All other (a)  1,390  5  105  22  13  1,535 
Total $ 9,604 $ 2,070 $ 2,983 $ 970 $ 13 $ 15,640 
(a) Consists primarily of sales of raw materials and coke making by-products
Table of Contents
83
--- PAGE 93 END ---
Year Ended December 31, 2023 Flat-Rolled Mini Mill USSE Tubular Other Total
Semi-finished $ 242 $ — $ 168 $ — $ — $ 410 
Hot-rolled sheets  1,926  1,215  1,637  —  —  4,778 
Cold-rolled sheets  3,568  365  269  —  —  4,202 
Coated sheets  3,484  639  1,278  —  —  5,401 
Tubular products  —  —  52  1,528  —  1,580 
All other (a)  1,524  4  121  23  10  1,682 
Total $ 10,744 $ 2,223 $ 3,525 $ 1,551 $ 10 $ 18,053 
(a) Consists primarily of sales of raw materials and coke making by-products.
Year Ended December 31, 2022 Flat-Rolled Mini Mill USSE Tubular Other Total
Semi-finished $ 193 $ — $ 103 $ — $ — $ 296 
Hot-rolled sheets  2,338  1,570  1,919  —  —  5,827 
Cold-rolled sheets  3,898  356  385  —  —  4,639 
Coated sheets  4,461  745  1,622  —  —  6,828 
Tubular products  —  —  68  1,594  —  1,662 
All other (a)  1,632  10  146  17  8  1,813 
Total $ 12,522 $ 2,681 $ 4,243 $ 1,611 $ 8 $ 21,065 
(a) Consists primarily of sales of raw materials and coke making by-products.
7. Net Interest and Other Financial Costs
(In millions) 2024 2023 2022
Interest income:
Interest income $ (96) $ (141) $ (44) 
Interest expense and other financial costs:
Interest incurred  237  234  218 
Less interest capitalized  213  162  59 
Total interest expense  24  72  159 
Loss on debt extinguishment (a)  2  —  — 
Net periodic benefit income  (132)  (154)  (246) 
Net gain from investments related to active employee benefits  (25)  (43)  — 
Foreign currency net loss (gain) (b)  6  (5)  11 
Financial costs on:
Amended Credit Agreement  5  5  5 
USSK Credit Facility  2  4  3 
     Other  7  5  4 
Amortization of discounts and deferred financing costs  9  9  9 
Total other financial costs  29  18  32 
Net interest and other financial (benefits) costs $ (198) $ (248) $ (99) 
(a) Represents a net pretax charge of $2 million during 2024 related to the repayments of the 2026 Senior Convertible Notes.
(b) The functional currency for USSE is the euro. Foreign currency net loss (gain) is a result of transactions denominated in currencies 
other than the euro. 
8. Earnings and Dividends Per Common Share
Earnings per Share Attributable to United States Steel Corporation Stockholders
Basic earnings per common share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the 
period.
Diluted earnings per common share assumes the exercise of stock options, the vesting of restricted stock units and 
performance awards, provided in each case the effect is dilutive. The “if-converted” method is used to calculate the dilutive 
effect of the Senior Convertible Notes due in 2026 as a result of ASU 2020-06.
Table of Contents
84
--- PAGE 94 END ---
The computations for basic and diluted earnings per common share from continuing operations are as follows:
(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2022
Net earnings attributable to United States Steel Corporation stockholders
Basic $ 384 $ 895 $ 2,524 
Interest expense on Senior Convertible Notes, net of tax  13  13  13 
Diluted $ 397 $ 908 $ 2,537 
Weighted-average shares outstanding (in thousands):
Basic  224,817  224,761  246,986 
Effect of Senior Convertible notes  26,159  26,194  26,194 
Effect of stock options, restricted stock units and performance awards  3,028  4,405  3,783 
Diluted  254,004  255,360  276,963 
Net earnings per share attributable to United States Steel Corporation 
stockholders:
Basic $ 1.71 $ 3.98 $ 10.22 
Diluted $ 1.57 $ 3.56 $ 9.16 
The following table summarizes the securities that were antidilutive, and therefore, were not included in the computation of 
diluted earnings per common share:
(In thousands) 2024 2023 2022
Securities granted under the 2016 Omnibus Incentive 
Compensation Plan, as amended and restated  125  475  960 
Dividends Paid per Share
Quarterly dividends on common stock were five cents per share for each quarter in 2024, 2023, and 2022.
9. Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within U. S. Steel’s 
Consolidated Balance Sheets that sum to the total of the same amounts shown in the Consolidated Statements of Cash 
Flows:
December 31,
(In millions) 2024 2023 2022
Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,367 $ 2,948 $ 3,504 
Restricted cash in other current assets  11  8  4 
Long-term restricted cash  35  32  31 
      Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash $ 1,413 $ 2,988 $ 3,539 
Amounts included in restricted cash represent cash balances which are legally or contractually restricted, primarily for 
insurance purposes, environmental liabilities and other capital projects.
10. Inventories
(In millions)
December 31, 
2024
December 31, 
2023
Raw materials $ 959 $ 773 
Semi-finished products  828  877 
Finished products  331  428 
Supplies and sundry items  50  50 
Total $ 2,168 $ 2,128 
Current acquisition costs for LIFO inventories were estimated to exceed the above inventory values at December 31 by 
$1.1 billion in 2024 and $1.2 billion in 2023. As a result of the liquidation of LIFO inventories, cost of sales increased and 
earnings before interest and income taxes decreased by $3 million in 2024. Cost of sales decreased and earnings before 
interest and income taxes increased by $43 million and $44 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
Table of Contents
85
--- PAGE 95 END ---
11. Income Taxes 
Components of earnings before income taxes:
(In millions) 2024 2023 2022
United States $ 499 $ 1,041 $ 2,847 
Foreign  (61)  6  412 
Earnings before income taxes $ 438 $ 1,047 $ 3,259 
At the end of 2024, 2023, and 2022, U. S. Steel does not have any undistributed foreign earnings and profits for which U.S. 
deferred taxes have not been provided.
Income tax provision (benefit):
2024 2023 2022
(In millions) Current Deferred Total Current Deferred Total Current Deferred Total
Federal $ (53) $ 60 $ 7 $ 56 $ 116 $ 172 $ 101 $ 451 $ 552 
State and local  (6)  24  18  (3)  (14)  (17)  54  43  97 
Foreign  —  29  29  2  (5)  (3)  79  7  86 
Total $ (59) $ 113 $ 54 $ 55 $ 97 $ 152 $ 234 $ 501 $ 735 
A reconciliation of the federal statutory tax rate of 21 percent to total provision follows:
(In millions) 2024 2023 2022
Statutory rate applied to earnings before income taxes $ 92 $ 220 $ 684 
Valuation allowance  47  (14)  (38) 
Excess percentage depletion  (23)  (18)  (48) 
Capitalized transaction costs  13  10  — 
State and local income taxes after federal income tax effects  8  (1)  97 
Effects of foreign operations  (12)  (3)  85 
U.S. impact of foreign operations  (29)  (19)  6 
Impact of tax credits  (11)  (7)  (83) 
Adjustment of prior years’ federal income taxes  (42)  (34)  40 
Unrecognized tax benefits  12  2  — 
Stock compensation  (7)  (5)  (3) 
Nondeductible executive compensation  5  16  6 
Other  1  5  (11) 
Total provision $ 54 $ 152 $ 735 
Included in the 2024 provision is a benefit of $59 million related to the 2023 federal and state income tax returns. 
In March 2022, the Company and the Arkansas Economic Development Commission entered into the Recycling Tax Credit 
Incentive Agreement, whereby the Company may earn state income tax credits in an amount equal to 30 percent of the 
cost of waste reduction, reuse, or recycling equipment, subject to meeting the requirements of the Arkansas Code Ann. 
Section 26-51-506, for the Company’s BR2 facility near Osceola, Arkansas. Documentation supporting the Company’s 
investment in qualifying equipment must be submitted as part of an application for certification expected to be completed in 
2025. In March 2022, the Company received a lump-sum payment of approximately $82 million as proceeds from the sale 
of a portion of expected future tax credits to be earned by the Company (see Note 26 for additional information). The 
Company estimates that it could earn tax credits in excess of $700 million, exclusive of the amount sold in March 2022, 
which the Company will recognize in the year it meets the requirements of Arkansas Code Ann. Section 26-51-506. Any 
unused tax credit that cannot be claimed in a tax year may be carried forward indefinitely by the Company and applied to 
its future state tax liability.
On August 16, 2022, H.R. 5376 (commonly called the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022) was signed into law, which, among 
other things, implemented a corporate alternative minimum tax (CAMT) of 15 percent on net book income of certain large 
corporations adjusted for certain items prescribed by the legislation.
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”), an international association of 38 countries 
including the U.S., has proposed changes to numerous long-standing tax principles, including a global minimum tax 
initiative. On December 12, 2022, the European Union member states agreed to implement the OECD’s Pillar 2 global 
Table of Contents
86
--- PAGE 96 END ---
corporate minimum tax rate of 15 percent on companies with revenues of at least €750 million, which went into effect in 
2024. The law on minimum top-up tax for multinational enterprise groups and large-scale domestic groups in Slovakia was 
approved by the parliament on December 8, 2023 and signed by the President on December 21, 2023, with an effective 
date of December 31, 2023.
The Company analyzed the 2024 tax effects of CAMT and Pillar 2, which were not material to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements.
Included in the 2023 provision is a benefit of $43 million related to the 2022 federal and state income tax returns, as well as 
an additional benefit of $12 million related to the adjustment of prior years’ federal income taxes. Also included in the 2023 
provision is a benefit of $23 million related to the recognition of a deferred tax asset on unrecognized currency losses in 
branch operations pursuant to proposed regulations under Internal Revenue Code Section 987.
Deferred taxes
Deferred tax assets and liabilities resulted from the following:
December 31,
(In millions) 2024 2023
Deferred tax assets:
Federal tax loss carryforwards (no expiration) $ 213 $ 1 
Federal capital loss carryforwards (expiring in 2026)  69  69 
State tax credit carryforwards (expiring in 2027 through 2038)  17  14 
State tax loss carryforwards (expiring in 2026 through 2044)  91  80 
State capital loss carryforwards (expiring in 2026 through 2036)  21  23 
General business credit carryforwards (expiring in 2044)  9  — 
Foreign tax loss and credit carryforwards (expiring in 2027 through 2034)  26  8 
Operating lease liabilities  19  28 
Capitalized research and development  76  69 
Receivables, payables and debt  149  140 
Inventory  48  57 
Other temporary differences  71  41 
Valuation allowance  (149)  (101) 
Total deferred tax assets $ 660 $ 429 
Deferred tax liabilities:
Property, plant and equipment $ 589 $ 642 
Operating right-of-use assets  17  26 
Investments in subsidiaries and equity investees  557  184 
Employee benefits  109  72 
Contingencies and accrued liabilities  45  73 
Total deferred tax liabilities $ 1,317 $ 997 
Net deferred tax liability $ (657) $ (568) 
U. S. Steel recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to 
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax 
basis. The realization of deferred tax assets is assessed quarterly based on several interrelated factors. These factors 
include U. S. Steel’s expectation to generate sufficient future taxable income and the projected time period over which 
these deferred tax assets will be realized.  
Each quarter U. S. Steel analyzes the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be realized. A valuation allowance is 
recorded if, based on the weight of all available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion, 
or all, of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.
 
At December 31, 2024, the net domestic deferred tax liability was $619 million, net of an established valuation allowance of 
$103 million. At December 31, 2023, the net domestic deferred tax liability was $566 million, net of an established valuation 
allowance of $98 million. 
At December 31, 2024, the net foreign deferred tax liability was $38 million, net of an established valuation allowance of 
$46 million. At December 31, 2023, the net foreign deferred tax liability was $2 million, net of an established valuation 
allowance of $3 million. The net foreign deferred tax asset will fluctuate as the value of the U.S. dollar changes with respect 
to the euro. 
Table of Contents
87
--- PAGE 97 END ---
U. S. Steel will continue to monitor the realizability of its deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. In the future, if we 
determine that realization is more likely than not for a deferred tax asset with a valuation allowance, the related valuation 
allowance will be reduced, and we will record a non-cash benefit to earnings.
Unrecognized tax benefits
Unrecognized tax benefits are the differences between a tax position taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return and the 
benefit recognized for accounting purposes pursuant to the guidance in ASC Topic 740 on income taxes. The total amount 
of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $18 million, $4 million, and $2 million as of December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, 
respectively. 
The total amount of net unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate was $18 million and 
$4 million as of December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively.
U. S. Steel records interest related to uncertain tax positions as a part of net interest and other financial costs in the 
Consolidated Statements of Operations. Any penalties are recognized as part of selling, general and administrative 
expenses. U. S. Steel had accrued liabilities for interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions of less than 
$1 million and $2 million as of December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively.
A tabular reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits follows:
(In millions) 2024 2023 2022
Unrecognized tax benefits, beginning of year $ 4 $ 2 $ 3 
Increases – tax positions taken in prior years  16  —  — 
Increases – current tax positions  —  2  — 
Lapse of statute of limitations  (2)  —  (1) 
Unrecognized tax benefits, end of year $ 18 $ 4 $ 2 
Tax years subject to examination
Below is a summary of the tax years open to examination by major tax jurisdiction:
U.S. Federal – 2021 and forward
U.S. States – 2017 and forward 
Slovakia – 2013 and forward 
Status of Internal Revenue Service (IRS) examinations
The IRS completed its audit of the Company’s 2017-2018 federal consolidated tax returns in 2023.
12. Investments, Long-Term Receivables and Equity Investee Transactions 
December 31,
(In millions) 2024 2023
Equity method investments $ 734 $ 740 
Receivables due after one year, less allowance of $3 in both periods  21  19 
Other  2  2 
Total $ 757 $ 761 
Summarized financial information of all investees accounted for by the equity method of accounting is as follows (amounts 
represent 100% of investee financial information):
(In millions) 2024 2023 2022
Income data – year ended December 31:
Net Sales $ 3,184 $ 3,335 $ 3,222 
Operating income  245  342  492 
Net earnings  220  319  462 
Balance sheet date – December 31:
Current Assets $ 847 $ 876 $ 1,085 
Noncurrent Assets  788  844  974 
Current liabilities  226  255  314 
Noncurrent Liabilities  392  398  513 
Table of Contents
88
--- PAGE 98 END ---
U. S. Steel’s portion of the income (loss) from investees reflected on the Consolidated Statements of Operations was $112 
million, $115 million, and $243 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
All of our significant investees are located in the U.S. Investees accounted for using the equity method include:
Investee
December 31, 
2024 Interest
Chrome Deposit Corporation  50 %
Double G Coatings Company, Inc.  50 %
Hibbing Development Company  24.1 %
Hibbing Taconite Company(a)  14.7 %
Patriot Premium Threading Services, LLC  50 %
PRO-TEC Coating Company, LLC  50 %
(a) Hibbing Taconite Company (Hibbing) is an unincorporated joint venture that is owned, in part, by Hibbing Development Company 
(HDC), which is accounted for using the equity method. Through HDC we are able to influence the activities of Hibbing, and as such, 
its activities are accounted for using the equity method.
In 2022, the Company recognized pre-tax gains on equity investee transactions of approximately $6 million from 
Worthington Specialty Processing pertaining to the sale of the former joint venture’s facilities and subsequent distribution to 
the investors. The joint venture is expected to be dissolved in the future and is expected to result in an immaterial 
distribution to the Company.
Dividends or partnership distributions received from equity investees were $109 million, $114 million and $28 million in 
2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
U. S. Steel evaluates impairment of its equity method investments whenever circumstances indicate that a decline in value 
below carrying value is other than temporary. Under these circumstances, we would adjust the investment down to its 
estimated fair value, which then becomes its new carrying value.
We supply substrate to certain of our equity method investees and from time to time will extend the payment terms for their 
trade receivables. For discussion of transactions and related receivable and payable balances between U. S. Steel and its 
investees, see Note 23. 
13. Property, Plant and Equipment
December 31,
(In millions) Useful Lives 2024 2023
Land and depletable property  — $ 257 $ 216 
Buildings 35-40 years  2,883  1,854 
Machinery and equipment
  Steel producing 2-30 years  19,790  16,806 
  Other 5-30 years  102  97 
Information technology 5-15 years  857  829 
Assets under finance lease 5-15 years  379  302 
Construction in process  —  1,971  3,871 
Total  26,239  23,975 
Less accumulated depreciation and depletion  14,266  13,582 
Net $ 11,973 $ 10,393 
Amounts in accumulated depreciation and depletion for assets acquired under finance leases were $182 million and $126 
million at December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively.
14. Goodwill and Intangible Assets
Intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives and are detailed below:
Table of Contents
89
--- PAGE 99 END ---
As of December 31, 2024 As of December 31, 2023
(In millions)
Useful
Lives
Gross
Carrying
Amount
Accumulated
Amortization
Net
Amount
Gross
Carrying
Amount
Accumulated
Amortization
Net
Amount
Customer relationships 22 Years $ 413 $ 75 $ 338 $ 413 $ 56 $ 357 
Patents 5-15 Years  17  14  3  17  13  4 
Energy Contract 2 Years  —  —  —  54  54  — 
Total amortizable 
intangible assets $ 430 $ 89 $ 341 $ 484 $ 123 $ 361 
Amortization expense was $20 million and $42 million for years ended December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, 
respectively. We expect approximately $97 million in total amortization expense from 2025 through 2029 and 
approximately $244 million in remaining amortization expense thereafter. 
The carrying amount of acquired water rights with indefinite lives as of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, 
totaled $75 million. 
Below is a summary of goodwill by segment for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024:
(In millions) Flat-Rolled Mini Mill USSE Tubular Total
Balance at December 31, 2023 $ — $ 916 $ 4 $ — $ 920 
Additions  —  —  —  —  — 
Balance at December 31, 2024 $ — $ 916 $ 4 $ — $ 920 
15. Stock-Based Compensation Plans
U. S. Steel has outstanding stock-based compensation awards that were granted by the Compensation & Organization 
Committee of the Board of Directors (the Committee), or its designee, under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2005 Plan) 
and the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated (the Omnibus Plan) (collectively the 
Plans). On April 26, 2016, the Company’s stockholders approved the Omnibus Plan and authorized the Company to issue 
up to 7,200,000 shares of U. S. Steel common stock under the Omnibus Plan. The Company’s stockholders authorized the 
issuance of an additional 6,300,000 shares under the Omnibus Plan on April 25, 2017, an additional 4,700,000 shares 
under the Omnibus Plan on April 28, 2020, and an additional 14,500,000 shares under the Omnibus Plan on April 27, 2021. 
While awards that were previously granted under the 2005 Plan remain outstanding, all future awards will be granted under 
the Omnibus Plan. As of December 31, 2024, there were 4,084,130 shares available for future grants under the Omnibus 
Plan. 
Generally, a share issued under the Omnibus Plan pursuant to an award other than a stock option will reduce the number 
of shares available under the Stock Plan by 1.78 shares. Shares related to awards under either plan (i) that are forfeited, 
(ii) that terminate without shares having been issued or (iii) for which payment is made in cash or property other than 
shares, are again available for awards under the Omnibus Plan. Shares delivered to U. S. Steel or withheld for purposes of 
satisfying the exercise price or tax withholding obligations are not available for future awards. The purpose of the Plans is 
to attract, reward and retain employees and non-employee directors who create long-term value for our stockholders by 
delivering on objectives that support our long-term strategy. The Committee administers the Plans, and under the Omnibus 
Plan may make grants of stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs), performance awards, and other stock-based awards. 
The following table summarizes the total stock-based compensation awards granted during the years 2024, 2023, and 
2022:
                
Restricted Stock Units
TSR Performance 
Awards
ROCE Performance 
Awards
Performance-Based 
Restricted Stock Units
2024  801,540  —  230,350  — 
2023  2,126,020  185,120  357,020  — 
2022  1,249,830  236,520  408,870  83,951 
Table of Contents
90
--- PAGE 100 END ---
Stock-based compensation expense
The following table summarizes the total compensation expense recognized for stock-based compensation awards:
(In millions, except per share amounts)
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2024
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2023
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2022
Stock-based compensation expense recognized:
Cost of sales $ 20 $ 16 $ 15 
Selling, general and administrative expenses  32  35  42 
Total  52  51  57 
Related deferred income tax benefit  12  12  14 
Decrease in net income  40  39  43 
Decrease in basic earnings per share  0.18  0.17  0.18 
Decrease in diluted earnings per share  0.16  0.15  0.16 
As of December 31, 2024, total future compensation cost related to nonvested stock-based compensation arrangements 
was $43 million and the average period over which this cost is expected to be recognized is approximately 21 months.
Stock options
Compensation expense for stock options is recorded over the vesting period based on the fair value on the date of grant, 
as calculated by U. S. Steel using the Black-Scholes model and the assumptions listed below. Awards generally vest 
ratably over a three-year service period and have a term of ten years. Stock options are generally issued at the average 
market price of the underlying stock on the date of the grant. Upon exercise of stock options, shares of U. S. Steel stock 
are issued from treasury stock or from authorized, but unissued common stock. There were 171,000 performance-based 
stock options granted in 2021. There were no stock options granted in 2024, 2023, and 2022.
The 171,000 performance-based stock options granted in December 2021 do not become vested and exercisable until the 
Company’s 20-trading day average closing stock price meets or exceeds the following stock price hurdles during the 
seven-year period beginning on the grant date, as follows:
20-trading day Average Closing Stock 
Price Achievement During 7-Year 
Period Beginning on Grant Date (a)
Percentage of Performance-Based 
Stock Options Exercisable
$ 35.00  33.33 %
$ 45.00  33.33 %
$ 55.00  33.34 %
(a) The $35.00 tranche vested in April 2022 and the $45.00 tranche vested in January 2024.
The following table shows a summary of the status and activity of stock options for the year ended December 31, 2024:
Shares
Weighted-
Average
Exercise Price
(per share)
Weighted-
Average
Remaining
Contractual Term
(in years)
Aggregate
Intrinsic
Value
(in millions)
Outstanding at January 1, 2024  760,238 $ 27.98 
Granted  — $ — 
Exercised  (158,908) $ 24.90 
Forfeited or expired  (13,057) $ 37.33 
Outstanding at December 31, 2024  588,273 $ 28.60 2.11 $ 4 
Exercisable at December 31, 2024  531,273 $ 29.15 1.91 $ 4 
Exercisable and expected to vest at 
December 31, 2024  588,273 $ 28.60 2.11 $ 4 
The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (difference between our closing 
stock price on the last trading day of 2024 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money options). 
Intrinsic value changes are a function of the fair market value of our stock.
The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised (i.e., the difference between the market price at exercise and the price 
paid by the employee to exercise the option) was $3 million, $4 million, and $5 million during the years ended 
December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022, respectively. The total amount of cash received by U. 
S. Steel from the exercise of options was $4 million and $10 million during the years ended December 31, 2024, and 
Table of Contents
91
--- PAGE 101 END ---
December 31, 2023, respectively. The related net tax benefit realized from the exercise of these options was immaterial in 
2024 and 2023.
Stock awards
Compensation expense for nonvested stock awards is recorded over the vesting period based on the fair value at the date 
of grant.
RSUs awarded as part of annual grants generally vest ratably over three years. Their fair value is the average market price 
of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. RSUs granted in connection with new-hire or retention awards 
generally cliff vest three years from the date of the grant. 
Total shareholder return (TSR) performance awards may vest at varying levels at the end of a three-year performance 
period if U. S. Steel’s total shareholder return compared to the total shareholder return of a peer group of companies meets 
performance criteria during the three-year performance period. TSR is calculated as follows: 20 percent for each year in the 
three-year performance period and 40 percent for the full three-year period. TSR performance awards may vest and pay 
out 50 percent at the threshold level, 100 percent at the target level and 200 percent at the maximum level. Payment for 
performance in between the threshold percentages will be interpolated. The fair value of the performance awards is 
calculated using a Monte-Carlo simulation.
Performance awards based on the return on capital employed (ROCE) metric will be measured based on the Company’s 
consolidated worldwide earnings (loss) before interest and income taxes, as adjusted, divided by consolidated worldwide 
capital employed, as adjusted, over a three year period.
ROCE is calculated based on the ROCE achieved in the first, second and third years of the performance period, weighted 
at 20 percent for each year in the three-year performance period and 40 percent for the full three-year period. The ROCE 
awards will pay out 50 percent at the threshold level, 100 percent at the target level and 200 percent at the maximum level. 
Payment for performance in between the threshold percentages will be interpolated.
Compensation expense associated with the ROCE awards will be contingent based upon the achievement of the specified 
ROCE performance goals and will be adjusted on a quarterly basis to reflect the probability of achieving the ROCE metric.
ROCE performance awards may vest at the end of a three-year performance period contingent upon meeting ROCE 
performance goals approved by the Committee. The fair value of the ROCE performance awards is the average market 
price of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. 
In December 2021 and August 2022, special performance-based restricted stock unit awards (PSUs) were granted to 
members of the Company’s executive leadership team. Shares are earned based on the achievement of certain pre-set 
quantitative performance criteria during the four-year performance period, January 1, 2022, through December 31, 2025. 
Shares may vest following the expiration of the Performance Period if the Company satisfies the performance criteria. 
The Chief Executive Officer was granted PSUs that vest with the following, equally weighted, performance metrics: (i) 
EBITDA margin expansion, (ii) greenhouse gas emissions intensity reduction, (iii) asset portfolio optimization, (iv) leverage 
metrics and (v) corporate relative valuation.  Other members of the executive leadership team were granted PSUs that vest 
with performance criteria related to: (i) on time and on budget completion of the second mini mill (30% of the grant), (ii) 
EBITDA margin expansion (40% of the grant) and (iii) greenhouse gas emissions intensity reduction (30% of the grant).
For the PSU awards, a payout is achievable at threshold (50% of target), target (100% of target) or maximum (200% of 
target) performance achievement. Pay out amounts will be interpolated between the threshold, target and maximum 
amounts.
The following table shows a summary of the performance awards outstanding as of December 31, 2024, and their fair 
market value on the respective grant date:
Performance Period
Fair Value
(in millions)
Minimum
Shares
Target
Shares
Maximum
Shares
2024 - 2026 $ 10  —  219,770  439,540 
2023 - 2025 $ 16  —  495,852  991,704 
2022 - 2024 $ 15  —  595,662  1,191,324 
2021 - 2025 $ 13  —  574,168  1,148,336 
Table of Contents
92
--- PAGE 102 END ---
The following table shows a summary of the status and activity of nonvested stock awards for the year ended 
December 31, 2024:
Restricted
Stock Units
TSR 
Performance
Awards (a)
ROCE 
Performance
Awards (a)
Performance-
Based 
Restricted 
Stock Units (a) Total
Weighted-
Average
Grant-Date
Fair Value
Nonvested at January 1, 2024  3,432,338  728,570  952,969  697,485  5,811,362 $ 26.95 
Granted  801,540  —  230,350  —  1,031,890  47.22 
Vested  (1,332,529)  (192,040)  (404,952)  —  (1,929,521)  23.00 
Performance adjustment factor (b)  —  (114,890)  202,476  —  87,586  15.89 
Forfeited or expired  (139,826)  (32,612)  (58,587)  (123,317)  (354,342)  29.60 
Nonvested at December 31, 2024  2,761,523  389,028  922,256  574,168  4,646,975 $ 32.68 
(a) The number of shares shown for the performance awards is based on the target number of share awards.
(b) Consists of adjustments to vested performance awards to reflect actual performance.
The following table presents information on RSUs and performance awards granted:
2024 2023 2022
Number of awards granted  1,031,890  2,668,160  1,979,171 
Weighted-average grant-date fair value per share $ 47.22 $ 31.68 $ 24.52 
During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the total fair value of shares vested was $44 million, $45 
million, and $45 million, respectively.
16. Derivative Instruments
U. S. Steel is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risks in our European operations. USSE’s revenues are primarily 
in euros and costs are primarily in euros and U.S. dollars. U. S. Steel uses foreign exchange forward sales contracts 
(foreign exchange forwards) with maturities up to 12 months to manage our currency requirements and exposure to foreign 
currency exchange rate fluctuations. Derivative instruments are required to be recognized at fair value in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet. The USSE and Flat-Rolled segments use hedge accounting for their foreign exchange forwards.
U. S. Steel also uses financial swaps to mitigate commodity price risks related to the procurement of natural gas, zinc, tin, 
electricity, and iron ore (commodity purchase swaps). We have elected cash flow hedge accounting for these commodity 
purchase swaps, which have maturities of up to 15 months.
U. S. Steel has entered into financial swaps that are used to partially manage the sales price risk of certain hot-rolled coil 
sales and iron ore sales (sales swaps). The sales swaps are accounted for using hedge accounting and have maturities of 
up to 12 months.
Generally, forward physical purchase contracts qualify for the normal purchase and normal sales exceptions described in 
ASC Topic 815 and are not subject to mark-to-market accounting. In accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 820 on fair 
value measurements and disclosures, the fair value of our foreign exchange forwards, commodity purchase swaps and 
sales swaps was determined using Level 2 inputs, which are defined as “significant other observable” inputs. The inputs 
used are from market sources that aggregate data based upon market transactions.
The table below shows the outstanding swap quantities used to hedge forecasted purchases and sales as of December 31, 
2024, and December 31, 2023:
Hedge Contracts Classification December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023
Natural gas (in mmbtus) Commodity purchase swaps 20,706,000 20,625,000
Tin (in metric tons) Commodity purchase swaps — 5
Zinc (in metric tons) Commodity purchase swaps 9,300 26,148
Electricity (in megawatt hours) Commodity purchase swaps 16,400 183,288
Iron ore pellets (in metric tons) Commodity purchase swaps 2,880,000 0
Iron ore pellets (in metric tons) Sales swaps 300,900  120,834 
Hot-rolled coils (in tons) Sales swaps 236,000 261,000
Foreign currency (in millions of euros) Foreign exchange forwards € 368 € 452 
Foreign currency (in millions of dollars) Foreign exchange forwards $ — $ 37 
Table of Contents
93
--- PAGE 103 END ---
The following summarizes the fair value amounts included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024, 
and December 31, 2023:
Balance Sheet Location (in millions) December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023
Designated as Hedging Instruments
Accounts receivable $ 41 $ 4 
Accounts payable  8  81 
Investments and long-term receivables  1  — 
Other long-term liabilities  1  2 
The table below summarizes the effect of hedge accounting on AOCI and amounts reclassified from AOCI into earnings for 
2024, 2023, and 2022:
Gain (Loss) on Derivatives 
in AOCI
Amount of Gain (Loss) 
Recognized in Income
(In millions) 2024 2023 2022
Location of Reclassification 
from AOCI 2024 2023 2022
Sales swaps $ 58 $ (41) $ 14 Net sales $ 8 $ (15) $ (18) 
Commodity purchase swaps  20  34  (35) Cost of sales (a)  (40)  (105)  103 
Foreign exchange forwards  28  (5)  (16) Cost of sales  7  (1)  44 
(a) Costs for commodity purchase swaps are recognized in cost of sales as products are sold.
The table below summarizes the impact of derivative activity where hedge accounting has not been elected on our 
Consolidated Statements of Operations for 2024, 2023, and 2022:
Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
(In millions)
Consolidated Statements of 
Operations Location 2024 2023 2022
Commodity purchase swaps Cost of sales $ — $ (13) $ 18 
Foreign exchange forwards Other financial costs  (1)  1  (7) 
At current contract values, $22 million in AOCI as of December 31, 2024, will be recognized as a decrease in cost of sales 
over the next year, and $12 million in AOCI as of December 31, 2024, will be recognized as an increase in net sales over 
the next year.
Table of Contents
94
--- PAGE 104 END ---
17. Debt
December 31,
(In millions) Issuer/Borrower
Interest
Rates % Maturity 2024 2023
2037 Senior Notes U. S. Steel 6.650 2037 $ 274 $ 274 
2026 Senior Convertible Notes U. S. Steel 5.000 2026  349  350 
2029 Senior Notes U. S. Steel 6.875 2029  475  475 
2029 Senior Secured Notes Big River Steel 6.625 2029  720  720 
Environmental Revenue Bonds U. S. Steel 4.125 - 6.750 2026 - 2053  1,104  1,164 
Environmental Revenue Bonds Big River Steel 4.500 - 4.750 2049  752  752 
Finance leases and all other obligations U. S. Steel Various 2025 - 2029  189  157 
Finance leases and all other obligations Big River Steel Various 2025 - 2027  162  167 
ECA Credit Agreement U. S. Steel Variable 2031  84  97 
Credit Facility Agreement U. S. Steel Variable 2027  —  — 
Big River Steel ABL Facility Big River Steel Variable 2026  —  — 
USSK Credit Agreement U. S. Steel Kosice Variable 2026  —  — 
USSK Credit Facility U. S. Steel Kosice Variable 2027  —  — 
Total debt  4,109  4,156 
Less unamortized discount, premium 
and debt issuance costs  (64)  (66) 
Less short-term debt, long-term debt 
due within one year, and short-term 
issuance costs  95  142 
Long-term debt $ 4,078 $ 4,080 
Arkansas Development Finance Authority Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2023 (United States 
Steel Corporation Project) (Green Bonds)
On May 18, 2023, U. S. Steel closed on an offering consisting of an aggregate principal amount of $240 million unsecured 
Arkansas Development Finance Authority environmental improvement revenue bonds, which carry a green bond 
designation. The bonds, issued through Arkansas Development Finance Authority, have a coupon rate of 5.700% and a 
final maturity of 2053 (2053 ADFA Green Bonds). U. S. Steel received net proceeds of approximately $238 million after fees 
of approximately $2 million related to the underwriting and third-party expenses, and will pay semiannual interest. The net 
proceeds from the issuance of the 2053 ADFA Green Bonds were used to partially fund work related to the BR2 facility near 
Osceola, Arkansas.
On and after May 1, 2026, the Company may redeem the 2053 ADFA Green Bonds at its option, at any time in whole or 
from time to time in part at the redemption prices (expressed in percentages of principal amount) listed below, plus accrued 
and unpaid interest on the 2053 ADFA Green Bonds, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date, if redeemed 
during the twelve-month period beginning on May 1 of each of the years indicated below.
Year Redemption Price
2026  105.000 %
2027  104.000 %
2028  103.000 %
2029  102.000 %
2030  101.000 %
2031 and thereafter  100.000 %
At any time prior to May 1, 2026, U. S. Steel may also redeem the 2053 ADFA Green Bonds, at our option, in whole or in 
part, or from time to time, at a price equal to the greater of 100 percent of the principal amount of the 2053 ADFA Green 
Bonds plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, or the sum of the present value of the redemption price of the 2053 ADFA 
Green Bonds if they were redeemed on May 1, 2026, plus interest payments due through May 1, 2026, discounted to the 
date of redemption on a semi-annual basis at the applicable tax-exempt municipal bond rate, plus accrued and unpaid 
interest, if any.
Table of Contents
95
--- PAGE 105 END ---
2026 Senior Convertible Notes
In October 2019, U. S. Steel issued $350 million of 5.00% Senior Convertible Notes due November 1, 2026 (2026 Senior 
Convertible Notes). Interest on the 2026 Senior Convertible Notes is payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of 
each year. The initial conversion rate for the 2026 Senior Convertible Notes is 74.8391 shares of U. S. Steel common stock 
per $1,000 principal amount, equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $13.36 per share of common stock, 
subject to adjustment pursuant to the 2026 Senior Convertible Notes indenture. Based on the initial conversion rate, the 
2026 Senior Convertible Notes are convertible into 26,155,592 shares of U. S. Steel common stock and we reserved for 
the possible issuance of 33,348,361 shares, which is the maximum amount that could be issued upon conversion. Prior to 
August 1, 2026, holders of notes may convert all or a portion of their notes at their option only upon the satisfaction of 
specified conditions and during certain periods. On or after August 1, 2026, holders may convert all or a portion of their 
notes prior to the maturity date. Upon conversion, we will satisfy the obligation with cash, common stock, or a combination 
thereof, at our election. Anytime prior to August 1, 2026, if the price per share of U. S. Steel’s common stock has been at 
least 130% of the conversion price for specified periods, U. S. Steel may redeem all or a portion of the 2026 Senior 
Convertible Notes at a cash redemption price of 100% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.
If U. S. Steel undergoes a fundamental change, as defined in the 2026 Senior Convertible Notes, holders may require us to 
repurchase the 2026 Senior Convertible Notes in whole or in part for cash at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount 
of the 2026 Senior Convertible Notes to be purchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding the 
repurchase date.
Big River Steel — Sustainability Linked ABL Facility
Big River Steel’s amended senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility (Big River Steel ABL Facility) matures on 
July 23, 2026. The facility is secured by first-priority liens on accounts receivable and inventory and certain other assets 
and second priority liens on most tangible and intangible assets of Big River Steel in each case subject to permitted liens. 
Additionally, the amendment includes sustainability targets related to greenhouse gas emissions intensity reduction, safety 
performance and facility certification by ResponsibleSteel™.
The Big River Steel ABL Facility provides for borrowings for working capital and general corporate purposes in an amount 
equal up to the lesser of (a) $350 million and (b) a borrowing base calculated based on specified percentages of eligible 
accounts receivables and inventory, subject to certain adjustments and reserves. 
Big River Steel LLC must maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.00 to 1.00 for the most recent twelve 
consecutive months when availability under the Big River Steel ABL Facility is less than the greater of ten percent of the 
borrowing base availability and $13 million. Based on the most recent four quarters as of December 31, 2024, Big River 
Steel would have met the fixed charge coverage ratio test. The facility includes affirmative and negative covenants and 
events of default that are customary for facilities of this type.
There were no loans outstanding under the Big River Steel ABL Facility at December 31, 2024. Availability under the Big 
River Steel ABL Facility, pursuant to the available borrowing base, was $340 million at December 31, 2024.
U. S. Steel — Sustainability Linked Credit Facility Agreement
On May 27, 2022, U. S. Steel entered into the Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Facility Agreement (Credit Facility 
Agreement) to replace the existing Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Facility Agreement (Fifth Credit Facility Agreement). 
The Credit Facility Agreement has substantially the same terms as the Fifth Credit Facility Agreement, except the Credit 
Facility Agreement references the Secured Overnight Financing Rate instead of the London Interbank Offered Rate, 
adjusts the individual lenders’ commitments, and renews the five-year maturity to May 27, 2027. The Credit Facility 
Agreement also adjusts the threshold for the fixed charge coverage ratio. The total availability under the facility remained 
the same at $1,750 million, and the financial impact from replacing the Fifth Credit Facility Agreement was immaterial. 
Consistent with the Fifth Credit Facility Agreement, the Credit Facility Agreement is secured by first-priority liens on certain 
accounts receivable and inventory and includes targets related to greenhouse gas emissions intensity reduction, safety 
performance and facility certification by ResponsibleSteel™.
The Credit Facility Agreement provides for borrowings for working capital and general corporate purchases in an amount 
equal to the lesser of (a) $1,750 million or (b) a borrowing base calculated based on specified percentages of eligible 
accounts receivable and inventory, subject to certain adjustments and reserves. As of December 31, 2024, there were 
approximately $4 million of letters of credit issued and no loans drawn under the Credit Facility Agreement. U. S. Steel 
must maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.00 to 1.00 for the most recent four consecutive quarters when 
availability under the Credit Facility Agreement is less than the greater of ten percent of the maximum facility availability 
and $140 million. Based on the most recent four quarters as of December 31, 2024, the Company would have met the fixed 
charge coverage ratio test.
USSK Credit Facilities
On September 28, 2023, the Company elected to reduce the size of the USSK Credit Agreement from €300 million to 
€150 million (approximately $156 million). The reduced credit facility size supports USSK’s liquidity needs and is consistent 
with efforts to optimize costs and the global liquidity position. The USSK Credit Agreement matures in 2026 and contains 
sustainability targets related to greenhouse gas emissions intensity reduction, safety performance and facility certification 
by ResponsibleSteel™.
Table of Contents
96
--- PAGE 106 END ---
Under the USSK Credit Agreement, USSK is required to maintain a net debt to EBITDA ratio of less than 3.50:1.00 (the 
“EBITDA Ratio Covenant”), as measured on a rolling twelve month basis on June 30th and December 31st of each year. As 
of December 31, 2024, USSK met the EBITDA Ratio Covenant, and the USSK Credit Agreement was undrawn and fully 
available.
During the first quarter of 2023, USSK increased the size of its €20 million credit facility to €30 million (approximately 
$31 million) (the USSK Credit Facility). On September 13th, 2024, the Company amended the USSK Credit Facility to 
extend the term by three years, maturing in 2027. At December 31, 2024, USSK had no borrowings under the USSK Credit 
Facility, and the availability was approximately $15 million due to approximately $16 million of customs and other 
guarantees outstanding. 
Debt Maturities – Aggregate maturities of debt are as follows (in millions):
2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Later Years Total
$ 99 $ 562 $ 130 $ 41 $ 1,216 $ 2,061 $ 4,109 
18. Pensions and Other Benefits
U. S. Steel has defined contribution plans or multiemployer retirement benefits for more than 85 percent of its employees in 
the United States and non-contributory defined benefit pension plans covering the remaining employees. Benefits under 
the defined benefit pension plans are based upon years of service and final average pensionable earnings, with a minimum 
benefit based upon years of service. In addition, pension benefits for most non-represented employees under these plans 
are based upon a percent of total career pensionable earnings. Effective December 31, 2015, non-represented participants 
in the defined benefit plan no longer accrue additional benefits under the plan. For most non-represented employees 
without defined benefit coverage (the defined benefit pension plan was closed to new participants in 2003) and those for 
which the defined benefit plan was frozen, the Company also provides in the defined contribution plans (401(k) plans) a 
retirement account benefit based on salary and attained age. Most non-represented employees also participate in the 
401(k) plans whereby the Company matches a certain percentage of salary based on the amount contributed by the 
participant. As of December 31, 2024, approximately 80 percent of U. S. Steel’s represented employees in the United 
States are covered by the SPT, a multiemployer pension plan, to which U. S. Steel contributes on the basis of a fixed dollar 
amount for each hour worked.
Certain hourly employees of U. S. Steel’s flat-rolled, tubular, cokemaking and iron ore operations in the United States are 
covered by collective bargaining agreements with the USW entered into effective September 1, 2022 (the 2022 Labor 
Agreements) that expire on September 1, 2026. The 2022 Labor Agreements include a signing bonus for each eligible 
USW-represented employee and annual 5% wage increases effective September 1, 2022, 2023, 2024, and 2025. 
Additionally, the 2022 Labor Agreements provide for increases to our pension and retirement benefits, including increases 
to our defined benefit pension plan, and to the contribution rate to the SPT from $3.50 to $4.00 per hour effective January 
1, 2023. During the fourth quarter of 2022, U. S. Steel recorded a charge of approximately $67 million for the 2022 Labor 
Agreements signing bonus and related costs which was recognized primarily as a component of Cost of sales on the 
Consolidated Statements of Operations.
In addition, as part of the collective bargaining process, U. S. Steel and the USW agreed to leverage the overfunded OPEB 
plans to support the benefits provided to active represented employees. Beginning January 1, 2023, this agreement allows 
the Company to use a certain amount of surplus VEBA assets (the surplus amount) to pay for legally permissible benefits 
under Section 501(c)(9) of the Internal Revenue Code for active employees and retirees of the USW. The surplus amount 
represented a one-time transfer of VEBA assets to a subaccount to be used for these employees and retirees, which took 
place in the first quarter of 2023. The surplus amount of $595 million was determined as of December 31, 2022, (after 
merger of the UPI VEBA) and is the balance of VEBA assets in excess of 135% of the retiree obligation. The Company is 
permitted to withdraw a target of $75 million annually, with a guaranteed annual minimum of $50 million, and which may be 
in excess of $75 million in certain circumstances, on a quarterly pro rata basis, from the subaccount to cover the cost of the 
permissible benefits for active USW employees and USW retirees. As a result of its designation for this purpose, the 
surplus amount is presented as $75 million in Other current assets and $430 million in Other noncurrent assets on the 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2024. Pursuant to the agreement with the USW, the Company merged 
the United States Steel Corporation Plan for Active Employee Insurance Benefits with and into the United States Steel 
Corporation Plan for Retiree Insurance Benefits effective January 1, 2023. Upon the one-time transfer from the VEBA to the 
subaccount, the surplus assets were no longer accounted for under ASC 715, Compensation-Retirement Benefits, and are 
instead accounted for primarily under the provisions of ASC 825 Financial Instruments, resulting in the portfolio being 
accounted for on a fair value basis, with gains and losses recognized in earnings, and reported as activity in Other financial 
costs (benefits) on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.
On November 8, 2021, U. S. Steel entered into a commitment agreement with Banner Life Insurance Company and William 
Penn Life Insurance Company of New York (the “Insurers”) and State Street Global Advisors Trust Company, as 
Table of Contents
97
--- PAGE 107 END ---
independent fiduciary to the United States Steel Corporation Plan for Employee Pension Benefits (Revision of 2003), for 
the plan to purchase group annuity contracts and transfer approximately $284 million of its pension plan obligations to the 
Insurers. The purchase of the group annuity contracts was funded directly by the assets of the pension plan. The purchase 
resulted in the transfer of administrative and benefit-paying responsibilities for approximately 17,800 U.S. retirees and 
beneficiaries to the Insurers. The Insurers began paying benefits for certain retirees and beneficiaries in the Plan on 
January 1, 2022. There was no change to the pension benefits for any retirees and beneficiaries as a result of the 
transaction. 
On October 26, 2022, U. S. Steel entered into an agreement with Pacific Life Insurance Company (the Insurer) and State 
Street Global Advisors Trust Company, as independent fiduciary to the UPI Pension Plan, for the plan to purchase group 
annuity contracts and transfer approximately $115 million of its pension plan obligations to the Insurer. The purchase of the 
group annuity contracts was completed on November 1, 2022, and funded directly by the assets of the pension plan. The 
purchase resulted in the transfer of the administrative and benefit-paying responsibilities for approximately 850 U.S. 
retirees and beneficiaries to the Insurer. The Insurer began paying benefits for certain retirees and beneficiaries in the Plan 
on January 1, 2023. There was no change to the pension benefits for any retirees and beneficiaries as a result of the 
transaction. As a result of the transaction, the Corporation recognized a non-cash pension settlement credit of 
approximately $3 million. This amount was reclassified to earnings through Net interest and other financial costs from 
accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
Effective as of December 15, 2022, the UPI Pension Plan was merged into the U. S. Steel pension plan.
U. S. Steel’s defined benefit retiree health care and life insurance plans (Other Benefits) cover the majority of its 
represented employees in the United States upon their retirement. Health care benefits are provided for Medicare and pre-
Medicare retirees, with Medicare retirees largely enrolled in Medicare Advantage Plans. Both are subject to various cost 
sharing features, and in most cases domestically, an employer cap on total costs. The Other Benefits plan was closed to 
represented employees hired or rehired under certain conditions on or after January 1, 2016.
The retiree medical and retiree life insurance plans, for non-represented employees were amended to eliminate retiree 
medical benefits effective December 31, 2017, and to eliminate retiree life insurance benefits for employees who retired 
after December 31, 2017.
The majority of U. S. Steel’s European employees are covered by government-sponsored programs into which U. S. Steel 
makes required contributions. Also, U. S. Steel sponsors defined benefit plans for most European employees covering 
benefit payments due to employees upon their retirement, some of which are government mandated. These same 
employees receive service awards throughout their careers based on stipulated service and, in some cases, age and 
service.
U. S. Steel uses a December 31 measurement date for its plans and may have an interim measurement date if significant 
events occur. Details relating to pension benefits and Other Benefits are below.
Pension Benefits Other Benefits
(In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023
Change in benefit obligations
Benefit obligations at January 1 $ 4,071 $ 4,186 $ 1,119 $ 1,236 
Service cost  29  33  4  6 
Interest cost  212  220  60  67 
Actuarial losses (gains)  (118)  24  (18)  (77) 
Exchange rate gain  (1)  (1)  —  — 
Settlements, curtailments and termination benefits  —  12  —  — 
Benefits paid  (411)  (403)  (103)  (113) 
Benefit obligations at December 31 $ 3,782 $ 4,071 $ 1,062 $ 1,119 
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan at January 1 $ 4,174 $ 4,170 $ 1,172 $ 1,151 
Actual return on plan assets  148  406  18  98 
Asset reversion  —  —  (10)  (2) 
Benefits paid from plan assets  (410)  (402)  (71)  (75) 
Fair value of plan assets at December 31 $ 3,912 $ 4,174 $ 1,109 $ 1,172 
Funded status of plans at December 31  130  103  47  53 
Table of Contents
98
--- PAGE 108 END ---
For pension benefits, the largest contributor to the actuarial gain in 2024 was the increase in the discount rate from 5.49% 
at December 31, 2023, to 5.90% at December 31, 2024. In 2023, the largest contributor of actuarial loss was the decrease 
in the discount rate from 5.55% at December 31, 2022, to 5.49% at December 31, 2023.
For Other Benefits, the largest contributor to the actuarial gain in 2024 was the increase in the discount rate from 5.58% at 
December 31, 2023, to 5.90% at December 31, 2024. In 2023, the largest contributor to the actuarial gain was attributable 
to reductions in future health care costs.
Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss:
2024
(In millions) 12/31/2023 Amortization Activity 12/31/2024
Pensions
Prior Service Cost $ 113 $ (17) $ — $ 96 
Actuarial Losses  1,409  (43)  31  1,397 
Other Benefits
Prior Service Credit  (18)  27  —  9 
Actuarial Gains  (664)  65  38  (561) 
As of December 31, 2024, and 2023, the following amounts were recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets:
Pension Benefits Other Benefits
(In millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023
Noncurrent assets $ 154 $ 131 $ 51 $ 57 
Current liabilities  (2)  (2)  (1)  (1) 
Noncurrent liabilities  (22)  (26)  (3)  (3) 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss (a)  1,493  1,522  (552)  (682) 
Net amount recognized $ 1,623 $ 1,625 $ (505) $ (629) 
(a) Accumulated other comprehensive loss effects associated with accounting for pensions and other benefits in accordance with ASC 
Topic 715 at December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, are reflected net of tax of $626 million and $602 million 
respectively, on the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity.
The Accumulated Benefit Obligation (ABO) for all defined benefit pension plans was $3,679 million and $3,956 million at 
December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively.
December 31,
(In millions) 2024 2023
Information for pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in 
excess of plan assets:
Aggregate accumulated benefit obligations (ABO) $ (18) $ (21) 
Aggregate projected benefit obligations (PBO)  (24)  (28) 
Aggregate fair value of plan assets  —  — 
The aggregate PBO in excess of plan assets reflected above is included in the payroll and benefits payable and employee 
benefits lines on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Table of Contents
99
--- PAGE 109 END ---
Following are the details of net periodic benefit costs (credits) related to Pension and Other Benefits:
Pension Benefits Other Benefits
(In millions) 2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022
Components of net periodic benefit cost 
(credits):
Service cost $ 29 $ 33 $ 45 $ 4 $ 6 $ 9 
Interest cost  212  220  157  60  67  49 
Expected return on plan assets  (298)  (328)  (357)  (74)  (61)  (91) 
Amortization - prior service costs (credits)  17  17  2  (27)  (23)  (24) 
- actuarial losses (gains)  43  13  73  (65)  (72)  (53) 
Net periodic benefit cost (credits), excluding 
below
 3  (45)  (80)  (102)  (83)  (110) 
Multiemployer plans (a)  79  83  74  —  —  — 
Settlement, termination and curtailment 
losses  —  13  12  —  —  2 
Net periodic benefit cost (credits) $ 82 $ 51 $ 6 $ (102) $ (83) $ (108) 
(a) Primarily represents pension expense for the SPT covering USW employees hired from National Steel Corporation and new USW 
employees hired after May 21, 2003.
Net periodic benefit expense (credits) for pensions and Other Benefits is projected to be approximately $139 million and 
approximately $(44) million, respectively, in 2025. The pension cost projection includes approximately $79 million of 
contributions to the SPT. 
Weighted average assumptions used to determine the benefit obligation at December 31 and net periodic benefit cost for 
the year ended December 31 are detailed below.
Pension Benefits Other Benefits
2024 2023 2024 2023
U.S. and Europe U.S. and Europe U.S. U.S.
Actuarial assumptions used to determine 
benefit obligations at December 31:
Discount rate  5.90 %  5.49 %  5.90 %  5.58 %
Increase in compensation rate  3.15 %  3.15 % N/A N/A
Pension Benefits Other Benefits
2024 2023 2022 2024 2023 2022
U.S. and 
Europe
U.S. and 
Europe
U.S. and 
Europe U.S. U.S. U.S. 
Actuarial assumptions used to determine 
net periodic benefit cost for the year ended 
December 31:
Discount rate  5.49 %  5.55 %  3.01 %  5.58 %  5.66 %  3.11 %
Expected annual return on plan assets  6.90 %  6.90 %  6.82 %  6.00 %  4.50 %  4.50 %
Increase in compensation rate  3.15 %  3.15 %  2.60 % N/A N/A N/A
The discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension and Other Benefit liabilities could be effectively settled at 
the measurement date. In 2017, we refined our discount rate determination process for our U.S. plans by using a bond 
matching approach to select specific bonds that would satisfy our projected benefit payments. We believe the bond 
matching approach more closely reflects the process we would employ to settle our pension and other benefits obligations. 
For our European pension plan, the discount rate is determined using data published by European Central Bank and 
underlying data provided by EuroMTS Ltd. The discount rate assumptions are updated annually.
  
2024 2023
Assumed health care cost trend rates at December 31: U.S. U.S.
Health care cost trend rate assumed for next year 5.80% 5.90%
Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate) 4.50% 4.50%
Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate 2038 2038
Table of Contents
100
--- PAGE 110 END ---
U. S. Steel reviews its actual historical rate experience and expectations of future health care cost trends to determine the 
escalation of per capita health care costs under U. S. Steel’s benefit plans. About 85 percent  of our costs for the domestic 
USW participants’ retiree health benefits in the Company’s main domestic benefit plan are limited to a per capita dollar 
maximum calculation based on 2006 base year actual costs incurred under the main U. S. Steel benefit plan for USW 
participants (cost cap). The full effect of the cost cap is expected to be realized around 2031. After 2031, the Company’s 
costs for a majority of USW retirees and their dependents are expected to remain fixed and as a result, the cost impact of 
health care escalation for the Company is projected to be limited for this group.
Plan Assets
ASC Topic 820 establishes a single definition of fair value, creates a three-tier hierarchy as a framework for measuring fair 
value based on inputs used to value the Plan’s investments, and requires additional disclosure about fair value. The 
hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1) 
and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are summarized below:
• Level 1 – Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active 
markets that the Plan has the ability to access.
• Level 2 – Inputs to the valuation methodology include:
◦ Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets;
◦ Quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets;
◦ Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability;
◦ Inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other  
means
If the asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term, the level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full 
term of the asset or liability.
• Level 3 – Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.
An instrument’s level is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Valuation 
techniques maximize the use of relevant observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The following is a 
description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value. There have been no changes in the 
methodologies used at December 31, 2024, and 2023.  
Short-term investments are valued at amortized cost which approximates fair value due to the short-term maturity of the 
instruments. Equity securities - U.S. & International are valued at the closing price reported on the active exchange on 
which the individual securities are traded. U.S. and Non U.S. government bonds are valued using pricing models 
maximizing the use of observable inputs for similar securities. Corporate U.S. & Non U.S. bonds are also valued using 
pricing models maximizing the use of observable inputs for similar securities, which includes basing value on yields 
currently available on comparable securities of issuers with similar credit ratings. When quoted prices are not available for 
identical or similar bonds, the bond is valued under a discounted cash flow approach that maximizes observable inputs, 
such as current yields of similar instruments, but includes adjustments for certain risks that may not be observable, such as 
credit and liquidity risks. Mortgage and asset-backed securities are valued using quotes from a broker dealer. Private 
equities and real estate are valued using information provided by external managers for each individual investment held in 
the fund or using NAV (net asset value) as a practical expedient. Timberland investments are valued at their appraised 
value. Mineral Interests and other alternatives are valued at the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at 
estimated market rates for assets of similar quality and duration.
Table of Contents
101
--- PAGE 111 END ---
The fair value of U. S. Steel’s pension plan assets by asset category at December 31 was as follows (in millions):
2024 2023
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
measured 
at NAV (a) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
measured 
at NAV (a) Total
Asset Category
Equity
U. S. companies $ 295 $ — $ — $ — $ 295 $ 332 $ — $ — $ — $ 332 
International companies  419  —  —  —  419  433  —  —  —  433 
Derivative financial 
instruments  38  —  —  —  38  —  7  —  —  7 
Total equity  752  —  —  —  752  765  7  —  —  772 
Fixed Income
Corporate Bonds - U.S.  —  706  —  —  706  —  654  —  —  654 
Corporate Bonds - Non-
U.S.  —  116  —  —  116  —  129  —  —  129 
U.S. government and 
agencies  —  178  —  —  178  —  197  —  —  197 
Non-U.S. government  —  66  —  —  66  —  43  —  —  43 
Mortgage and asset-
backed securities  —  6  —  —  6  —  9  —  —  9 
Derivative financial 
instruments  2  2  —  —  4  —  6  —  —  6 
Total fixed income  2  1,074  —  —  1,076  —  1,038  —  —  1,038 
Alternatives
Timberlands  —  —  —  1  1  —  —  —  21  21 
Mineral Interests and 
other alternatives  —  —  —  348  348  —  —  —  239  239 
Private equity  —  —  210  210  —  —  —  235  235 
Real estate  —  —  —  251  251  —  —  —  245  245 
Total alternatives  —  —  —  810  810  —  —  —  740  740 
Commingled Funds  —  —  —  1,154  1,154  —  —  —  1,499  1,499 
Short-Term Investments  55  36  —  —  91  106  5  —  —  111 
Other (b)  29  —  —  —  29  14  —  —  —  14 
Total assets at fair value $ 838 $ 1,110 $ — $ 1,964 $ 3,912 $ 885 $ 1,050 $ — $ 2,239 $ 4,174 
(a) In accordance with ASC Topic 820, certain investments that were measured at net asset value per share (or its equivalent) have not 
been classified in the fair value hierarchy.
(b) Includes cash, accrued income, and miscellaneous payables.
The following table sets forth a summary of changes in the fair value of U. S. Steel’s Pension plan Level 3 assets for the 
years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023:
Level 3 assets only
(In millions) 2024 2023
Balance at beginning of period $ — $ 89 
Transfers in and/or out of Level 3  —  (89) 
Actual return on plan assets:
Realized gain  —  — 
Net unrealized gain  —  — 
Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements:
Purchases  —  — 
Sales  —  — 
Balance at end of period $ — $ — 
Table of Contents
102
--- PAGE 112 END ---
The fair value of U. S. Steel’s Other Benefits plan assets by asset category at December 31 was as follows (in millions):
2024 2023
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
measured 
at NAV (a) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
measured 
at NAV (a) Total
Asset Category
Equity
U. S. companies $ 64 $ — $ — $ — $ 64 $ 65 $ — $ — $ — $ 65 
International companies  24  —  —  —  24  31  —  —  —  31 
Total equity  88  —  —  —  88  96  —  —  —  96 
Fixed Income
Corporate Bonds - U.S.  —  435  —  —  435  —  476  —  —  476 
Corporate Bonds - Non-
U.S.  —  78  —  —  78  —  108  —  —  108 
U.S. government and 
agencies  —  89  —  —  89  —  105  —  —  105 
Non-U.S. government  —  15  —  —  15  —  14  —  —  14 
Mortgage and asset-
backed securities  —  11  —  —  11  —  11  —  —  11 
Total fixed income  —  628  —  —  628  —  714  —  —  714 
Alternatives
Timberlands  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  —  3  3 
Other alternatives  —  —  29  70  99  —  —  —  41  41 
Private equity  —  —  —  50  50  —  —  —  54  54 
Real estate  —  —  —  20  20  —  —  —  30  30 
Total alternatives  —  —  29  140  169  —  —  —  128  128 
Commingled Funds  —  —  —  177  177  —  —  —  190  190 
Short-Term Investments  19  10  —  —  29  13  1  —  —  14 
Other (b)  18  —  —  —  18  30  —  —  —  30 
Total assets at fair value $ 125 $ 638 $ 29 $ 317 $ 1,109 $ 139 $ 715 $ — $ 318 $ 1,172 
(a) In accordance with ASC Topic 820, certain investments that were measured at net asset value per share (or its equivalent) have not 
been classified in the fair value hierarchy.
(b) Includes cash, accrued income, and miscellaneous payables.
The following table sets forth a summary of changes in the fair value of U. S. Steel’s Other Benefits plan Level 3 assets for 
the years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023:
Level 3 assets only
(In millions) 2024 2023
Balance at beginning of period $ — $ 47 
Transfers in and/or out of Level 3  —  (47) 
Actual return on plan assets:
Realized gain  —  — 
Net unrealized loss  —  — 
Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements:
Purchases  29  — 
Sales  —  — 
Balance at end of period $ 29 $ — 
U. S. Steel’s investment strategy for its U.S. pension and Other Benefits plan assets provides for a diversified mix of high 
quality bonds, public equities and selected smaller investments in private equities and private credit. For its U.S. pension, 
U. S. Steel has a target allocation for plan assets of 68 percent in corporate bonds, government bonds and mortgage, 
private credit, and asset-backed securities. The balance is invested in equity securities, timber, private equity and real 
estate partnerships. U. S. Steel believes that returns on equities over the long term will be higher than returns from fixed-
income securities as actual historical returns from U. S. Steel’s trusts have shown. Returns on bonds tend to offset some of 
the short-term volatility of stocks. Both equity and fixed-income investments are made across a broad range of industries 
and companies (both domestic and foreign) to provide protection against the impact of volatility in any single industry as 
well as company specific developments. U. S. Steel will use a 6.90 percent assumed rate of return on assets for the 
development of net periodic cost for the main defined benefit pension plan in 2025.  Actual returns since the inception of 
the plan have exceeded this 6.90 percent rate and while recent annual returns have been volatile, it is U. S. Steel’s 
expectation that rates will achieve this level in future periods.  
Table of Contents
103
--- PAGE 113 END ---
For its Other Benefits plan, U. S. Steel is employing a liability driven investment strategy. The plan assets are allocated to 
match the plan cash flows with maturing investments. To achieve this strategy, U. S. Steel has a target allocation for plan 
assets of 78 percent in fixed income and private credit. The balance is primarily invested in equity securities, private equity 
and real estate partnerships. U. S. Steel will use a 6.00 percent assumed rate of return on assets for the development of 
net periodic cost for its Other Benefit plans for 2025.
Steelworkers Pension Trust 
For most bargaining unit employees participating in the SPT, U. S. Steel contributed to the SPT a fixed dollar amount for 
each hour worked of $4.00 through December 31, 2024. SPT contributions increased from $3.50 to $4.00 per hour 
effective January 1, 2023. U. S. Steel’s contributions to the SPT represented greater than 30% of the total combined 
contributions of all employers participating in the plan for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.
Participation in a multiemployer pension plan agreed to under the terms of a collective bargaining agreement differ from a 
traditional qualified single employer defined benefit pension plan. The SPT shares risks associated with the plan in the 
following respects:
a. Contributions to the SPT by U. S. Steel may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers;
b. If a participating employer stops contributing to the SPT, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the 
remaining participating employers; and
c. If U. S. Steel chooses to stop participating in the SPT, U. S. Steel may be required to pay an amount based on the 
underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability.
On March 21, 2011, the Board of Trustees of the SPT elected funding relief which has the effect of decreasing the amount 
of required minimum contributions in near-term years, but will increase the minimum funding requirements during later plan 
years. As a result of the election of funding relief, the SPT’s zone funding under the Pension Protection Act may be 
impacted.
In addition to the funding relief election, the Board of Trustees also elected a special amortization rule, which allows the 
SPT to separately amortize investment losses incurred during the SPT’s December 31, 2008 plan year-end over a 29 year 
period, whereas they were previously required to be amortized over a 15 year period.
U. S. Steel’s participation in the SPT for the annual periods ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 is outlined in the 
table below.
Employer
Identification
Number/
Pension Plan
Number
Pension
Protection
Act Zone
Status as of
December 31 (a) FIP/RP Status
Pending/
Implemented(b)
U. S. Steel
Contributions
(in millions)
Surcharge
Imposed(c)
Expiration Date
of Collective
Bargaining
AgreementPension Fund 2024 2023 2024 2023 2022 2024 2023
Steelworkers 
Pension Trust 23-6648508/499 Green Green No $ 83 $ 82 $ 74 No No September 1, 2026
(a) The zone status is based on information that U. S. Steel received from the plan and is certified by the plan’s actuary. Among other 
factors, plans in the green zone are at least 80 percent funded, while plans in the yellow zone are less than 80 percent funded and 
plans in the red zone are less than 65 percent funded.
(b) Indicates if a financial improvement plan (FIP) or a rehabilitation plan (RP) is either pending or has been implemented.
(c) Indicates whether there were charges to U. S. Steel from the plan.
Cash Flows
The following information is in addition to the contributions to the SPT noted in the table above.
Employer Contributions –  U. S. Steel did not make any voluntary or mandatory contributions to the U. S. Steel 
Retirement Plan Trust in 2024 or 2023. The U. S. Steel Retirement Plan Trust is the funding vehicle for the Company’s 
main defined benefit pension plan.  
For pension plans not funded by trusts, U. S. Steel made $1 million, $3 million, and $2 million of pension payments in 2024, 
2023, and 2022, respectively. 
Cash payments totaling $32 million, $40 million, and $32 million were made for other post-employment benefit payments 
not funded by trusts in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. In 2024, 2023, and 2022, U. S. Steel continued to use assets 
from our VEBA trust for represented retiree health care and life insurance benefits to pay USW post-employment benefit 
claims.
Table of Contents
104
--- PAGE 114 END ---
Estimated Future Benefit Payments  – The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service as 
appropriate, are expected to be paid from U. S. Steel’s defined benefit plans:
(In millions) Pension Benefits Other Benefits
2025 $ 1,043 $ 102 
2026  1,043  109 
2027  1,154  111 
2028  1,182  114 
2029  1,451  117 
Years 2030 - 2034  9,904  437 
Defined contribution plans
U. S. Steel also contributes to two defined contribution plans for its salaried employees. Most non-represented salaried 
employees in North America receive pension benefits in the form of a separate retirement account through a defined 
contribution plan with contribution percentages based upon age, for which company contributions totaled $19 million, $21 
million, and $21 million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. U. S. Steel’s matching contributions to the salaried 
employees’ defined contribution plans, which for most non-represented salaried employees are 100 percent of the 
employees’ contributions up to six percent of their eligible salary, totaled $20 million, $20 million, and $19 million in 2024,  
2023, and 2022, respectively. U. S. Steel also maintains non-qualified defined contribution plans to provide benefits which 
are otherwise limited by the terms of the qualified plan or the Internal Revenue Code. U. S. Steel’s contributions under 
these defined contribution plans were less than $1 million in 2024, $2 million in 2023, and less than $1 million in 2022.
Most represented employees are eligible to participate in a defined contribution plan where there is no company match on 
savings or separate retirement account except for certain Tubular hourly employees. Effective with the 2015 Labor 
Agreement, represented employees hired on or after January 1, 2016, are eligible for a $0.50 per hour savings account 
contribution. As a result of the 2018 Labor Agreements, the retiree healthcare account contribution for each hour worked 
increased to $0.55 effective January 1, 2019, $0.60 effective January 1, 2020, and $0.65 effective January 1, 2021. As a 
result of the 2022 Labor Agreements, the retiree healthcare account contribution for each hour worked increased to $0.75 
effective January 1, 2023. These Company contributions for represented employees totaled $7 million, $7 million, and $5 
million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
Other post-employment benefits
The Company provides benefits to former or inactive employees after employment but before retirement. Certain benefits 
including workers’ compensation and black lung benefits represent material obligations to the Company and under the 
guidance for nonretirement post-employment benefits, have historically been treated as accrued benefit obligations. 
Liabilities for these benefits recorded at December 31, 2024, totaled $81 million as compared to $91 million at 
December 31, 2023. Liability amounts were developed assuming a discount rate of 5.76% and 5.66% at December 31, 
2024, and 2023. Net periodic benefit cost for these benefits is projected to be $15 million in 2025 compared to $9 million in 
2024 and $24 million in 2023. 
Pension Funding
In March 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act (ARPA - H.R. 1319) further extended the pension relief interest rate corridor 
used to measure defined benefit pension obligations for calculating minimum annual contributions. The new interest rate 
formula results in higher interest rates for minimum funding calculations as compared to prior law over the next few years, 
which will improve the funded status of our main defined benefit pension plan and reduce minimum required contributions.
U. S. Steel will monitor the funded status of the plan to determine when voluntary contributions may be prudent in order to 
mitigate potentially larger mandatory contributions in later years. 
Table of Contents
105
--- PAGE 115 END ---
19. Asset Retirement Obligations
U. S. Steel’s asset retirement obligations (AROs) primarily relate to mine, landfill closure and post-closure costs. The 
following table reflects changes in the carrying values of AROs for the years ended December 31, 2024, and 2023:
December 31,
(In millions) 2024 2023
Balance at beginning of year $ 79 $ 66 
Additional obligations incurred  —  12 
Obligations settled  (4)  (1) 
Change in estimate of obligations  (1)  — 
Foreign currency translation effects  (1)  — 
Accretion expense  4  2 
Balance at end of period $ 77 $ 79 
Certain AROs related to disposal costs of the majority of fixed assets at our integrated steel facilities have not been 
recorded because they have an indeterminate settlement date. These AROs will be initially recognized in the period in 
which sufficient information exists to estimate their fair value.
20. Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, current accounts and notes receivable, accounts payable and accrued 
interest included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets approximate fair value. See Note 16 for disclosure of U. S. Steel’s 
derivative instruments, which are accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis.
Stelco Option for Minntac Mine Interest
On April 30, 2020, the Company entered into an Option Agreement with Stelco, a subsidiary of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc., that 
grants Stelco the option to purchase a 25 percent interest (the Option Interest) in a to-be-formed entity (the Joint Venture) 
that will own the Company’s current iron ore mine located in Mt. Iron, Minnesota (the Minntac Mine). As consideration for 
the option, Stelco paid the Company an aggregate amount of $100 million in five $20 million installments during the year 
ended December 31, 2020, which are recorded net of transaction costs in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The option can 
be exercised any time before January 31, 2027, and in the event Stelco exercises the option, Stelco will contribute an 
additional $500 million to the Joint Venture, which amount shall be remitted solely to U. S. Steel in the form of a one-time 
special distribution, and the parties will engage in good faith negotiations to finalize the master agreement (pursuant to 
which Stelco will acquire the Option Interest) and the limited liability company agreement of the Joint Venture. 
Surplus VEBA assets
During the fourth quarter 2022, U. S. Steel and the USW agreed to utilize the overfunded OPEB plans to support the 
benefits provided to active represented employees. Beginning January 1, 2023, this agreement allows the Company to use 
a certain amount of surplus VEBA assets (the surplus amount) to pay for legally permissible benefits under Section 
501(c)(9) of the Internal Revenue Code for active employees and retirees of the USW. The surplus amount of $595 million 
was determined as of December 31, 2022, and was the balance of VEBA assets in excess of 135% of the retiree obligation 
at that time. On January 1, 2023, a subaccount was created and consisted of a pro-rata share of the existing trust. On 
February 1, 2023, using January 31, 2023 asset values, a new investment strategy was implemented and comprised of 
existing investments from the VEBA trust and cash. On February 1, 2023, certain assets were transferred from the VEBA to 
the subaccount. The Company is permitted to withdraw a target of $75 million annually, with a guaranteed annual minimum 
of $50 million, on a quarterly pro rata basis, from the subaccount to cover the cost of the permissible benefits for active 
USW employees and USW retirees. If after the annual withdrawal of $75 million, the subaccount value decreases by less 
than $40 million annually (defined as the “Threshold Surplus”), the Company may withdraw the excess above the 
Threshold Surplus. Based on the value of the subaccount as of December 31, 2023, approximately $15 million was 
withdrawn from the subaccount in January 2024 to pay for permissible benefits. The surplus VEBA assets subaccount 
portfolio consists of fixed income securities including corporate bonds, U.S. government bonds, and U.S. Treasury notes, in 
addition to alternatives including investments in private credit partnerships and real estate funds. A portion of the corporate 
bonds are classified as available-for-sale debt securities, with unrealized gains and losses reported in Accumulated other 
comprehensive (loss) income. Upon sale, realized gains and losses are reported in earnings. All other investments in the 
subaccount are financial instruments measured at fair value or net asset value, with gains and losses recognized through 
net earnings and are reported as Net gain from investments related to active employee benefits on the Company’s 
Consolidated Statements of Operations
As of December 31, 2024, the fair value of the surplus VEBA assets subaccount portfolio was $505 million, with $75 million 
in Other current assets and $430 million in Other noncurrent assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
Table of Contents
106
--- PAGE 116 END ---
As of December 31, 2023, the fair value of the surplus VEBA assets subaccount portfolio was $570 million, with $89 million 
in Other current assets and $481 million in Other noncurrent assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
The value of corporate bonds classified as available-for-sale debt securities was $131 million and $208 million as of 
December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively. A total pretax net gain related to available-for-sale securities of $7 million was 
included in Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income as of both December 31, 2024, and 2023.
During 2024, pretax net gains of $25 million were recognized in Net gain from investments related to active employee 
benefits. During 2024, immaterial pretax net gains were recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income.
During 2023, pretax net gains of $43 million and $7 million were recognized in Net gain from investments related to active 
employee benefits and in Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, respectively.
The fair value of the subaccount portfolio by asset category as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 was as follows (in millions):
December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
measured 
at NAV (a) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
measured 
at NAV (a) Total
Asset Category
Fixed Income
Corporate bonds - U.S.  —  129  —  —  129  —  191  —  —  191 
Corporate bonds - Non-
U.S.  —  46  —  —  46  —  56  —  —  56 
U.S. government bonds  —  43  —  —  43  —  86  —  —  86 
Mortgage and asset-
backed securities  —  14  —  —  14  —  12  —  —  12 
Total fixed income $ — $ 232 $ — $ — $ 232 $ — $ 345 $ — $ — $ 345 
Alternatives
Private credit partnerships  —  —  29  157  186  —  —  58  64  122 
Other alternatives  —  —  —  19  19  —  —  —  18  18 
Total alternatives $ — $ — $ 29 $ 176 $ 205 $ — $ — $ 58 $ 82 $ 140 
Commingled Funds  —  —  —  5  5  —  —  —  61  61 
Other (b)  63  —  —  —  63  25  —  (1)  —  24 
Total assets at fair value $ 63 $ 232 $ 29 $ 181 $ 505 $ 25 $ 345 $ 57 $ 143 $ 570 
(a) In accordance with ASC Topic 820, certain investments that were measured at net asset value per share (or its equivalent) have not 
been classified in the fair value hierarchy.
(b) Includes cash, accrued income, and miscellaneous payables.
The following table summarizes U. S. Steel’s financial assets and liabilities that were not carried at fair value at 
December 31, 2024, and 2023.
December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023
(In millions) Fair Value
Carrying
Amount Fair Value
Carrying
Amount
Financial liabilities:
Long-term debt (a) $ 4,243 $ 3,822 $ 4,797 $ 3,899 
(a) Excludes finance lease obligations.
The fair value of long-term debt was determined using Level 2 inputs which were derived from quoted market prices.
Fair value of the financial assets and liabilities disclosed herein is not necessarily representative of the amount that could 
be realized or settled, nor does the fair value amount consider the tax consequences of realization or settlement.
 
Financial guarantees are U. S. Steel’s only unrecognized financial instrument. For details relating to financial guarantees 
see Note 26.
Table of Contents
107
--- PAGE 117 END ---
21.  Reclassifications from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (AOCI)
(In millions)
Pension and
Other Benefit
Items
Foreign
Currency
Items
Unrealized 
(Loss) Gain 
on 
Derivatives
Active 
Employee 
Benefit 
Investments Total
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ (322) $ 280 $ (43) $ — $ (85) 
Other comprehensive income (loss) 
before reclassifications  131  54  (77)  6  114 
Amounts reclassified from AOCI (a)  (50)  —  68  (1)  17 
Net current-period other comprehensive 
income (loss)  81  54  (9)  5  131 
Balance at December 31, 2023 $ (241) $ 334 $ (52) $ 5 $ 46 
Other comprehensive (loss) income 
before reclassifications  (52)  (70)  72  3  (47) 
Amounts reclassified from AOCI (a)  (25)  —  8  (3)  (20) 
Net current-period other comprehensive 
(loss) income  (77)  (70)  80  —  (67) 
Balance at December 31, 2024 $ (318) $ 264 $ 28 $ 5 $ (21) 
(a) See table below for further details.
Details about AOCI components (a) Amount reclassified from AOCI
(In millions) 2024 2023 2022
Amortization of pension and other benefit items
Prior service credits (a) $ (10) $ (6) $ (23) 
Actuarial (gains) losses (a)  (22)  (60)  20 
Settlements, termination and curtailment losses (gains) (a)  —  1  (3) 
Total pensions and other benefits items  (32)  (65)  (6) 
Derivative reclassifications to Consolidated Statements of 
Operations  12  143  (133) 
Active employee benefit investment reclassifications to 
Consolidated Statements of Operations  (4)  (1)  — 
Total before tax  (24)  77  (139) 
Tax provision (benefit)  4  (60)  32 
Net of tax $ (20) $ 17 $ (107) 
(a) These AOCI components are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (see Note 18 for additional details).
22. Supplemental Cash Flow Information
Year Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2024 2023 2022
Net cash used in operating activities included:
Interest and other financial costs paid (net of amount capitalized) $ (35) $ (68) $ (161) 
Income taxes paid $ (53) $ (86) $ (242) 
Non-cash investing and financing activities:
Change in accrued capital expenditures $ (109) $ (2) $ 351 
U. S. Steel common stock issued for employee/non-employee 
director stock plans $ 45 $ 45 $ 46 
Capital expenditures funded by finance lease borrowings $ 78 $ 90 $ 52 
Export Credit Agreement (ECA) financing $ — $ 5 $ — 
In January 2025, the Company received a refund of approximately $44 million for the 2023 federal income tax return, which 
included approximately $1 million of interest.
23. Transactions with Related Parties
Related party sales and service transactions are primarily related to equity investees and were $2,505 million, $2,015 
million, and $1,942 million in 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 
Table of Contents
108
--- PAGE 118 END ---
Accounts payable to related parties include balances due to PRO-TEC Coating Company (PRO-TEC) of $144 million and 
$137 million at December 31, 2024, and 2023, respectively for invoicing and receivables collection services provided by 
U. S. Steel on PRO-TEC’s behalf. U. S. Steel, as PRO-TEC’s exclusive sales agent, is responsible for credit risk related to 
those receivables. U. S. Steel also provides PRO-TEC marketing, selling and customer service functions. Payables to other 
related parties totaled $2 million for both the period ending December 31, 2024 and the period ending December 31, 2023.
 
Purchases from related parties for outside processing services provided by equity investees amounted to $19 million, $26 
million, and $27 million during 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Purchases of iron ore pellets from related parties 
amounted to $87 million, $157 million, and $131 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, an
d 2022, 
respectively.
On December 18, 2023, the Company entered into the Merger Agreement by and among the Company, Purchaser, Merger 
Sub, and solely as provided in Section 9.13 therein, NSC. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and upon the terms and 
subject to the conditions described therein, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company 
continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser. 
Wheeling-Nippon Steel, Inc., (“WNS”) a wholly owned subsidiary of NSC (party to the Merger Agreement described above), 
currently is a customer of the Company. Net sales to related parties pertaining to business with WNS amounted to  
$322 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. Receivables from related parties as of December 31, 2024 include 
$6 million due from WNS.
24. Leases
Operating lease assets consist primarily of office space, heavy mobile equipment used in our mining operations and 
facilities and equipment under operating service agreements for electricity generation and scrap processing. We also have 
operating lease assets for light mobile equipment and information technology assets. The Company also has short-term 
leases related to transportation services for which we apply the short-term lease exception. Significant finance leases 
primarily consist of heavy mobile equipment used in our mining operations. Variable lease payments are primarily related to 
operating service agreements where payment is solely dependent on consumption of certain services, such as raw material 
and by-product processing. Most long-term leases include renewal options and, in certain leases, purchase options. 
Generally, we are not reasonably certain that these options will be exercised. We have residual value guarantees under 
certain light mobile equipment leases. There is no impact to our leased assets for residual value guarantees as the 
potential loss is not probable (see “Other Contingencies” in Note 26 for further details). We do not have material restrictive 
covenants associated with our leases or material amounts of sublease income. From time to time, U. S. Steel may enter 
into arrangements for the construction or purchase of an asset and then enter into a financing arrangement to lease the 
asset. U. S. Steel recognizes leased assets and liabilities under these arrangements when it obtains control of the asset.
The following table summarizes the lease amounts included in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 
and 2023.
(In millions) Balance Sheet Location
December 31, 
2024
December 31, 
2023
Assets
Operating Operating lease assets (a) $ 72 $ 109 
Finance Property, plant and equipment (b)  198  176 
  Total Lease Assets $ 270 $ 285 
Liabilities
Current
  Operating Current operating lease liabilities $ 35 $ 44 
  Finance Current portion of long-term debt  58  43 
Non-Current
  Operating Noncurrent operating lease liabilities  44  73 
  Finance Long-term debt less unamortized discount and issue costs  151  137 
Total Lease Liabilities $ 288 $ 297 
(a) Operating lease assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of $129 million and $138 million as of December 31, 2024, and 
December 31, 2023, respectively. 
(b) Finance lease assets are recorded net of accumulated depreciation of $182 million and $126 million as of December 31, 2024, and 
December 31, 2023, respectively. 
Table of Contents
109
--- PAGE 119 END ---
The following table summarizes lease costs included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended 
December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022.
(In millions) Classification
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2024
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2023
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2022
Operating Lease Cost (a) Cost of sales $ 48 $ 54 $ 65 
Operating Lease Cost Selling, general and administrative 
expenses
 14  15  14 
Finance Lease Cost
  Amortization Depreciation, depletion and 
amortization
 56  42  26 
  Interest Interest expense  14  11  9 
Total Lease Cost $ 132 $ 122 $ 114 
(a) Operating lease cost recorded in cost of sales includes $13 million of variable lease cost for the year ended December 31, 2024. 
Operating lease cost recorded in cost of sales includes $12 million of variable lease cost for both the years ended December 31, 2023, and  
December 31, 2022. Operating lease cost recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses includes $1 million of variable lease 
cost for the years ended December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023, and December 31, 2022. $1 million of short-term lease cost is included 
in cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2024, December 31, 2023, and 
December 31, 2022.
Lease liability maturities as of December 31, 2024, are shown below.
(In millions) Operating Finance Total
2025 $ 39 $ 78 $ 117 
2026  24  70  94 
2027  15  50  65 
2028  7  29  36 
2029  1  7  8 
After 2029  2  —  2 
  Total Lease Payments $ 88 $ 234 $ 322 
  Less:  Interest  9  25  34 
  Present value of lease liabilities $ 79 $ 209 $ 288 
Lease terms and discount rates are shown below.
December 31, 2024
Weighted average lease term
  Finance 3 years
  Operating 3 years
Weighted average discount rate
  Finance  6.05 %
  Operating  7.14 %
Table of Contents
110
--- PAGE 120 END ---
Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows:
(In millions)
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2024
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2023
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2022
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease 
liabilities:
    Operating cash flows from operating leases $ 47 $ 55 $ 66 
    Operating cash flows from finance leases  14  11  9 
    Financing cash flows from finance leases  49  34  20 
Right-of-use assets exchanged for lease liabilities:
    Operating leases  4  14  20 
    Finance leases  78  90  52 
25. Restructuring and Other Charges
During 2024, the Company recorded restructuring and other charges of $8 million, which related primarily to the idling of 
certain coke-making facilities. Cash payments related to previously accrued restructuring programs made during the year 
ended December 31, 2024 were approximately $89 million.
During 2023, the Company recorded restructuring and other charges of $36 million, which relate primarily to Company-wide 
headcount reductions. Cash payments were made related to severance and exit costs of approximately $75 million.
During 2022, the Company recorded restructuring and other charges of $48 million, which consists of charges of 
$30 million related to the planned disposition of a component within the Flat-Rolled segment, $23 million related to 
headcount reductions under a voluntary early retirement program (VERP) offered at USSK, a $9 million favorable 
adjustment to the expected exit costs of indefinitely idled facilities, and $4 million of severance-related charges at other 
facilities. Cash payments were made related to severance and exit costs of approximately $95 million.
Charges for restructuring and ongoing cost reduction initiatives are recorded in the period U. S. Steel commits to a 
restructuring or cost reduction plan, or executes specific actions contemplated by the plan and all criteria for liability 
recognition have been met. Charges related to the restructuring and cost reductions are reported in restructuring and other 
charges in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
The activity in the accrued balances incurred in relation to restructuring during the years ended December 31, 2023, and 
December 31, 2024, were as follows:
(in millions)
Employee 
Related Costs Exit Costs
Non-cash 
Charges Total
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 132 $ 50 $ — $ 182 
Additional charges  25  11  — $ 36 
Release of prior accruals and other adjustments (a)  (2)  (1)  — $ (3) 
Cash payments/utilization (b)  (45)  (30)  —  (75) 
Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 110 $ 30 $ — $ 140 
Additional charges  (3)  11  —  8 
Cash payments/utilization (b)  (62)  (27)  —  (89) 
Balance at December 31, 2024 $ 45 $ 14 $ — $ 59 
(a) Includes releases of accruals to reflect the current estimate of costs to complete approved restructuring programs.
(b) $4 million and $10 million of payments were made from the pension fund trust assets in the Employee Related Cost column during the 
years ended December 31, 2023, and 2024, respectively.
26.  Contingencies and Commitments
U. S. Steel is the subject of, or party to, a number of pending or threatened legal actions, contingencies and commitments 
involving a variety of matters, including laws and regulations relating to the environment. Certain of these matters are 
discussed below. The ultimate resolution of these contingencies could, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. However, management believes that U. S. Steel will remain a viable and competitive 
enterprise even though it is possible that these contingencies could be resolved unfavorably.
U. S. Steel accrues for estimated costs related to existing lawsuits, claims and proceedings when it is probable that it will 
incur these costs in the future and the costs are reasonably estimable.
Table of Contents
111
--- PAGE 121 END ---
Asbestos matters – As of December 31, 2024, U. S. Steel was a defendant in approximately 990 active cases involving 
approximately 2,575 plaintiffs. The vast majority of these cases involve multiple defendants. About 1,600, or approximately 
62 percent, of these plaintiff claims are currently pending in jurisdictions which permit filings with massive numbers of 
plaintiffs. At December 31, 2023, U. S. Steel was a defendant in approximately 915 cases involving approximately 2,505 
plaintiffs. Based upon U. S. Steel’s experience in such cases, it believes that the actual number of plaintiffs who ultimately 
assert claims against U. S. Steel will likely be a small fraction of the total number of plaintiffs. 
The following table shows the number of asbestos claims in the current year and the prior two years:
Period ended
Opening
Number
of Claims
Claims Dismissed, 
Settled 
and Resolved
New
Claims
Closing
Number
of Claims
December 31, 2022 2,505 230 235 2,510
December 31, 2023 2,510 235 230 2,505
December 31, 2024 2,505 240 310 2,575
The amount U. S. Steel accrues for pending asbestos claims is not material to U. S. Steel’s financial condition. However, 
U. S. Steel is unable to estimate the ultimate outcome of asbestos-related claims due to a number of uncertainties, 
including: (1) the rates at which new claims are filed, (2) the number of and effect of bankruptcies of other companies 
traditionally defending asbestos claims, (3) uncertainties associated with the variations in the litigation process from 
jurisdiction to jurisdiction, (4) uncertainties regarding the facts, circumstances and disease process with each claim, and 
(5) any new legislation enacted to address asbestos-related claims. 
Further, U. S. Steel does not believe that an accrual for unasserted claims is required. At any given reporting date, it is 
probable that there are unasserted claims that will be filed against the Company in the future. The Company engages an 
outside valuation consultant to assist in assessing its ability to estimate an accrual for unasserted claims. This 
assessment is based on the Company’s settlement experience, including recent claims trends. This analysis focuses on 
settlements made over the last several years as these claims are likely to best represent future claim characteristics. After 
review by the valuation consultant and U. S. Steel management, it was determined that the Company could not estimate 
an accrual for unasserted claims.
Despite these uncertainties, management believes that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material 
adverse effect on U. S. Steel’s financial condition.
Environmental Matters – U. S. Steel is subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the 
environment. These laws generally provide for control of pollutants released into the environment and require responsible 
parties to undertake remediation of hazardous waste disposal sites. Penalties may be imposed for noncompliance. 
Changes in accrued liabilities for remediation activities where U. S. Steel is identified as a named party are summarized in 
the following table:
Year Ended December 31,
(In millions) 2024 2023
Beginning of period $ 107 $ 126 
Accruals for environmental remediation deemed probable and reasonably estimable  18  15 
Adjustments for changes in estimates  —  (11) 
Obligations settled  (17)  (23) 
End of period $ 108 $ 107 
Accrued liabilities for remediation activities are included in the following Consolidated Balance Sheet lines:
(In millions)
December 31, 
2024
December 31, 
2023
Accounts payable $ 26 $ 27 
Deferred credits and other noncurrent liabilities  82  80 
Total $ 108 $ 107 
Expenses related to remediation are recorded in cost of sales and were $18 million and $13 million for the years ended 
December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. It is not currently possible to estimate the ultimate amount of 
all remediation costs that might be incurred or the penalties that may be imposed. Due to uncertainties inherent in 
remediation projects and the associated liabilities, it is reasonably possible that total remediation costs for active matters 
may exceed the accrued liabilities by as much as 30 to 50 percent. 
Table of Contents
112
--- PAGE 122 END ---
Remediation Projects
U. S. Steel is involved in environmental remediation projects at or adjacent to several current and former U. S. Steel 
facilities and other locations that are in various stages of completion ranging from initial characterization through post-
closure monitoring. Based on the anticipated scope and degree of uncertainty of projects, we categorize projects as 
follows:
(1)  Projects with Ongoing Study and Scope Development  – Projects which are still in the development phase. For these 
projects, the extent of remediation that may be required is not yet known, the remediation methods and plans are not 
yet developed, and/or cost estimates cannot be determined. Therefore, significant costs, in addition to the accrued 
liabilities for these projects, are reasonably possible. There are three environmental remediation projects where 
additional costs for completion are not currently estimable, but could be material. These projects are at South Works, 
UPI and the former steelmaking plant at Joliet, Illinois. As of December 31, 2024, accrued liabilities for these projects 
totaled $7 million for the costs of studies, investigations, interim measures, design and/or remediation. It is reasonably 
possible that additional liabilities associated with future requirements regarding studies, investigations, design and 
remediation for these projects could be as much as $33 million to $46 million. 
(2)  Significant Projects with Defined Scope  – Projects with significant accrued liabilities with a defined scope. As of 
December 31, 2024, there are four significant projects with defined scope greater than or equal to $5 million each, 
with a total accrued liability of $54 million. These projects are: Gary Resource Conservation and Recovery Act 
(RCRA) (accrued liability of $23 million), Duluth Works (accrued liability of $6 million), Fairfield Works (accrued liability 
of $8 million) and the former Geneva facility (accrued liability of $17 million). 
(3)  Other Projects with a Defined Scope  – Projects with relatively small accrued liabilities for which we believe that, while 
additional costs are possible, they are not likely to be significant, and also include those projects for which we do not 
yet possess sufficient information to estimate potential costs to U. S. Steel. There are three other environmental 
remediation projects which each had an accrued liability of between $1 million and $5 million. The total accrued 
liability for these projects at December 31, 2024, was $5 million. These projects have progressed through a significant 
portion of the design phase and material additional costs are not expected.
The remaining environmental remediation projects each have an accrued liability of less than $1 million each. The total 
accrued liability for these projects at December 31, 2024, was approximately $4 million. The Company does not foresee 
material additional liabilities for any of these sites.
Post-Closure Costs – Accrued liabilities for post-closure site monitoring and other costs at various closed landfills totaled 
$27 million at December 31, 2024, and were based on known scopes of work.
Administrative and Legal Costs  – As of December 31, 2024, U. S. Steel had an accrued liability of $11 million for 
administrative and legal costs related to environmental remediation projects. These accrued liabilities were based on 
projected administrative and legal costs for the next three years and do not change significantly from year to year.
Capital Expenditures
 – For a number of years, U. S. Steel has made substantial capital expenditures to comply with 
various regulations, laws, and other requirements relating to the environment. Such capital expenditures totaled $83 
million and $70 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively. U. S. Steel anticipates making additional such expenditures in the 
future, which may be material; however, the exact amounts and timing of such expenditures are uncertain because of the 
continuing evolution of specific regulatory requirements.
European Union (the EU) Environmental Requirements - Phase IV of the EU Emissions Trading System (the EU ETS) 
commenced on January 1, 2021, and will finish on December 31, 2030. The European Commission issued final approval 
of the updated 2021-2025 Slovak National Allocation table in February 2022. The Slovak Ministry of Environment 
allocated 6.2 million metric tons of European Union Emission Allowances (EUA) at no charge (free allowances or free 
allocation) to USSE in March 2024. As of December 31, 2024, we have pre-purchased approximately 2.22 million EUA 
totaling €161 million (approximately $167 million) via spot purchases or settled forwards to cover the 2024 shortfall of 
emission allowances and expected shortfall in subsequent years. 
The EU’s Industrial Emissions Directive requires implementation of EU-determined best available techniques (BAT) for 
Iron and Steel production to reduce environmental impacts as well as compliance with BAT associated emission levels. 
Total capital expenditures for projects to go beyond BAT requirements were €138 million (approximately $143 million). 
These costs were partially offset by the EU funding received and may be mitigated over the next measurement periods if 
USSK complies with certain financial covenants, which are assessed annually. If we are unable to meet these covenants 
in the future, USSK might be required to provide additional collateral (e.g., bank guarantee) to secure 50 percent of the 
EU funding received. USSK complied with these covenants as of December 31, 2024, and no additional collateral will be 
required by the end of June 30, 2025. By this next assessment date, we expect that nine of the total fifteen projects will 
pass the sustainability monitoring and will be excluded from further assessment to provide additional collateral if the 
covenants are not met. The last assessment of financial covenants will be performed as of June 30, 2026. 
Table of Contents
113
--- PAGE 123 END ---
Environmental indemnifications – Throughout its history, U. S. Steel has sold numerous properties and businesses and 
many of these sales included indemnifications and cost sharing agreements related to the assets that were divested. The 
amount of potential environmental liability associated with these transactions and properties is not estimable due to the 
nature and extent of the unknown conditions related to the properties divested and deconsolidated. Aside from the 
environmental liabilities already recorded as a result of these transactions due to specific environmental remediation 
activities and cases (included in the $108 million of accrued liabilities for remediation discussed above), there are no other 
known probable and estimable environmental liabilities related to these transactions.
Guarantees – The maximum guarantees of the indebtedness of unconsolidated entities of U. S. Steel totaled $7 million at 
December 31, 2024.
Other contingencies – Under certain finance lease agreements covering various equipment, U. S. Steel has the option to 
renew the lease or to purchase the equipment at the end of the lease term. If U. S. Steel does not exercise the purchase 
option by the end of the lease term, U. S. Steel guarantees a residual value of the equipment as determined at the lease 
inception date (totaling approximately $14 million at December 31, 2024). No liability has been recorded for these 
guarantees as the potential loss is not probable.
The Company’s BR2 facility in Osceola, Arkansas qualifies for financing and related economic incentives associated with 
the acquisition, development, construction and operation of the facility. These incentives consist of advance lump-sum 
payments which are included in deferred credits and other noncurrent liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In 
March 2022, the Company received a lump-sum payment of approximately $82 million as proceeds from the sale of a 
portion of expected future tax credits to be earned by the Company under the State of Arkansas’s Recycling Tax Credit 
program. These funds are to be used primarily for the acquisition of project related equipment, however they may also be 
used for the training and development of new employees hired for the facility. The Company is contingently liable for 
certain repayment penalties if the Company fails to meet certain employment requirements in any given period. In April 
2022, the Company received a $3 million grant from Mississippi County, Arkansas, and in May 2022, the Company 
received a $50 million grant from the State of Arkansas Quick Action Closing Fund. Both grants pertain to the 
reimbursement of qualifying project costs. For each of these incentives and grants, the balance of deferred income will be 
recognized into other gains, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations on a systematic basis over 
the periods in which the Company earns the granted funds by complying with the investment and employment 
requirements of the grant programs.
In July 2024, the Company also received a lump-sum payment of approximately $75 million as proceeds from the sale of 
a portion of future tax credits to be earned by the Company under the State of Arkansas’s Recycling Tax Credit program 
for the Phase II portion of the Big River Steel facilities. The Company is contingently liable for certain repayment penalties 
if the Company fails to meet certain employment requirements, and as such a deferred liability was recognized for this 
grant and will be amortized into other gains, net in the statement of operations on a systematic basis over the periods in 
which the Company earns the granted funds by complying with the employment requirements of the grant program.
We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses in connection with the pending Merger, including 
legal and investment banking fees. 
Insurance – U. S. Steel maintains insurance for certain property damage, equipment, business interruption and general 
liability exposures; however, insurance is applicable only after certain deductibles and retainages. U. S. Steel is self-
insured for certain other exposures including workers’ compensation (where permitted by law) and auto liability. Liabilities 
are recorded for workers’ compensation and personal injury obligations. Other costs resulting from losses under 
deductible or retainage amounts or not otherwise covered by insurance are charged against income upon occurrence.
U. S. Steel uses surety bonds, trusts and letters of credit to provide whole or partial financial assurance for certain 
obligations such as workers’ compensation. The total amount of active surety bonds, trusts and letters of credit being used 
for financial assurance purposes was approximately $192 million as of December 31, 2024, which reflects U. S. Steel’s 
maximum exposure under these financial guarantees, but not its total exposure for the underlying obligations. A significant 
portion of our trust arrangements and letters of credit are collateralized by the Credit Facility Agreement. The remaining 
trust arrangements and letters of credit are collateralized by restricted cash. Restricted cash, which is recorded in other 
current and noncurrent assets, totaled $46 million and $40 million at December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, 
respectively. 
Capital Commitments – At December 31, 2024, U. S. Steel’s contractual commitments to acquire property, plant and 
equipment totaled $683 million.
Contractual Purchase Commitments –  U. S. Steel is obligated to make payments under contractual purchase 
commitments, including unconditional purchase obligations. Payments for contracts with remaining terms in excess of one 
year are summarized below (in millions):
2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Later years Total
$1,260 $1,033 $253 $218 $167 $661 $3,592
Table of Contents
114
--- PAGE 124 END ---
The majority of U. S. Steel’s unconditional purchase obligations relate to the supply of industrial gases, and certain energy 
and utility services with terms ranging from 13 months to 19 years. Unconditional purchase obligations also include coke 
and steam purchase commitments related to a coke supply agreement with Gateway Energy & Coke Company LLC 
(Gateway) under which Gateway is obligated to supply a minimum volume of the expected targeted annual production of 
the heat recovery coke plant, and U. S. Steel is obligated to purchase the coke from Gateway at the contract price. As of 
December 31, 2024, if U. S. Steel were to terminate the agreement, it may be obligated to pay in excess of $26 million.
As a result of the indefinite idling of the iron and steel making processes at Granite City Works, there were $60 million and 
$86 million of liabilities for unconditional purchase obligations as of December 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, 
respectively.
Total payments relating to unconditional purchase obligations were approximately $815 million in 2024, $787 million in 
2023, and $850 million in 2022.
27.  Common Stock Repurchased
On October 25, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program that allowed for the repurchase of up 
to $300 million of its outstanding common stock from time to time in the open market or privately negotiated transactions. On 
January 24, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $500 million under the share repurchase program. 
On July 25, 2022, following the completion of the previously authorized $800 million share repurchase programs, the Board 
of Directors authorized a share repurchase program that allows for the repurchase of up to $500 million of its outstanding 
common stock from time to time in the open market or privately negotiated transactions at the discretion of management. 
The Company’s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares.
U. S. Steel repurchased 7.1 million and 37.6 million shares of common stock for approximately $175 million and $849 million 
under these programs during 2023 and 2022, respectively. We do not expect to utilize the remainder of this authorization. No 
share repurchases were completed during 2024 as the Merger Agreement prohibits us from engaging in additional share 
repurchases without the consent of Purchaser.
Table of Contents
115
--- PAGE 125 END ---
FIVE-YEAR OPERATING SUMMARY (Unaudited)
(Thousands of tons, unless otherwise noted) 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
Raw Steel Production
Gary, IN 5,665 5,587 5,326 5,664 4,675
Great Lakes, MI — — — — 328
Mon Valley, PA 2,724 2,650 2,161 2,668 2,552
Granite City, IL — 1,162 1,359 1,549 1,758
Total Flat-Rolled facilities 8,389 9,399 8,846 9,881 9,313
Mini Mill facility 2,838 2,953 2,650 2,688 —
U. S. Steel Košice 3,832 4,395 3,839 4,931 3,366
Tubular facility 575 568 634 464 16
Total 15,634 17,315 15,969 17,964 12,695
Raw Steel Capability
Flat-Rolled 13,200 13,200 13,200 13,200 17,000
Mini Mill (c) 6,300 3,300 3,300 3,300 —
USSE 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,000
Tubular (d) 900 900 900 900 900
Total 25,400 22,400 22,400 22,400 22,900
Production as % of total capability:
Flat-Rolled  63 %  71 %  67 %  58 %  55 %
Mini Mill (c)  80 %  89 %  80 %  81 %  — %
USSE  77 %  88 %  77 %  99 %  67 %
Tubular (d)  64 %  63 %  70 %  52 %  7 %
Coke Production
Flat-Rolled 3,164 3,295 3,627 3,848 2,557
USSE 1,336 1,485 1,407 1,548 1,116
Total 4,500 4,780 5,034 5,396 3,673
Iron Ore Pellet Production (a)
Total 22,247 22,134 22,059 23,369 16,981
Steel Shipments by Segment (b)
Flat-Rolled 7,845 8,706 8,373 9,018 8,711
Mini Mill 2,307 2,424 2,287 2,230 —
USSE 3,578 3,899 3,759 4,302 3,041
Tubular 476 478 523 444 464
Total steel shipments 14,206 15,507 14,942 15,994 12,216
Average Realized Price (dollars per net ton)
Flat-Rolled $ 1,013 $ 1,030 $ 1,261 $ 1,172 $ 718 
Mini Mill $ 857 $ 875 $ 1,134 $ 1,314 $ — 
USSE $ 805 $ 873 $ 1,090 $ 966 $ 626 
Tubular $ 1,905 $ 3,137 $ 2,978 $ 1,696 $ 1,271 
(a) Includes our share of production from Hibbing.
(b) Does not include intersegment shipments or shipments by joint ventures and other equity investees of U. S. Steel. Includes shipments from 
U. S. Steel to joint ventures and equity investees of substrate materials, primarily hot-rolled and cold-rolled sheets.
(c) The 2024 production as a % of total capability amount is based on Mini Mill’s aggregate annual raw steel production capability of 3.3 million 
tons through the third quarter of 2024 and 6.3 million tons during the fourth quarter of 2024.
(d) The Fairfield Electric Arc Furnace commenced operation in October 2020. The 2020 production as a % of total capability amount is based 
on an October 1, 2020, start date.
Table of Contents
116
--- PAGE 126 END ---
FIVE-YEAR OPERATING SUMMARY (Unaudited) (Continued)
(Thousands of net tons) 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020
Steel Shipments by Market - North 
American Facilities (a)
Steel service centers 1,980 2,622 2,208 2,660 1,450
Further conversion:
Trade customers 2,382 2,669 2,935 2,385 2,063
Joint ventures (b) 193 211 256 490 415
Transportation and automotive (b) 3,403 2,893 2,631 2,372 2,012
Construction and construction products 1,186 1,422 1,261 1,524 1,295
Containers and packaging 364 571 706 959 913
Appliances and electrical equipment 523 507 509 679 497
Oil, gas and petrochemicals 465 447 494 426 430
All other 132 266 183 197 100
Total 10,628 11,608 11,183 11,692 9,175
Steel Shipments by Market - USSE
Steel service centers 877 848 839 995 690
Further conversion:
Trade customers 245 293 289 314 202
Transportation and automotive 559 636 619 590 517
Construction and construction products 1,224 1,319 1,052 1,346 775
Containers and packaging 223 312 423 449 435
Appliances and electrical equipment 176 172 225 266 194
Oil, gas and petrochemicals 1 — 3 8 5
All other 273 319 309 334 223
Total 3,578 3,899 3,759 4,302 3,041
(a) Does not include shipments by joint ventures and other equity investees of U. S. Steel, but instead reflects the shipments of substrate 
materials, primarily hot-rolled and cold-rolled sheets, to those entities.
(b) PRO-TEC automotive substrate shipments are included in the Transportation and Automotive category.
Table of Contents
117
--- PAGE 127 END ---
Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Conclusions Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Under the supervision and with the participation of U. S. Steel’s management, including the chief executive officer and chief 
financial officer, U. S. Steel conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under 
Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Based on this 
evaluation, U. S. Steel’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that U. S. Steel’s disclosure controls and 
procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
See “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data – Management’s Report to Stockholders – Internal Control Over 
Financial Reporting.”
Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
See “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data – Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.”
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have not been any changes in U. S. Steel’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter 
of 2024 which have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, U. S. Steel’s internal control over financial 
reporting.
Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION
During the quarter ended December 31, 2024, none of our directors or officers adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading 
arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as those terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K.
Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not Applicable.
PART III
Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Information concerning the directors of U. S. Steel required by this item is incorporated and made part hereof by reference to the 
material appearing under the heading “Election of Directors” in U. S. Steel’s Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, pursuant to Regulation 14A, no later than 120 
days after the end of the fiscal year. Information concerning the Audit Committee, and its financial expert required by this item is 
incorporated and made part hereof by reference to the material appearing under the heading “Corporate Governance – Board 
Committees – Audit” in U. S. Steel’s Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Information regarding the 
Nominating Committee required by this item is incorporated and made part hereof by reference to the material appearing under 
the heading “Corporate Governance – Board Committees – Corporate Governance & Sustainability” in U. S. Steel’s Proxy 
Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Information regarding the ability of stockholders to communicate with 
the Board of Directors is incorporated and made part hereof by reference to the material appearing under the heading “Corporate 
Governance – Commitment to Stockholder Engagement – Communications from Stockholders and Interested Parties” in 
U. S. Steel’s Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) 
of the Exchange Act required by this item is incorporated and made part hereof by reference to the material appearing under the 
heading “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports” in U. S. Steel’s Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
Information concerning the executive officers of U. S. Steel is contained in Part I of this Form 10-K under the caption “Information 
about our Executive Officers.”
U. S. Steel has adopted a Code of Ethical Business Conduct that applies to all of our directors and officers, including our 
principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar 
functions. U. S. Steel will provide a copy of this code free of charge upon request. To obtain a copy, contact the Office of the 
Corporate Secretary, United States Steel Corporation, 600 Grant Street, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 15219-2800 (telephone: 
412-433-1121). The Code of Ethical Business Conduct is also available through the Company’s website at www.ussteel.com
. 
Table of Contents
118
--- PAGE 128 END ---
We intend to post all required disclosures concerning any amendments to or waivers from, our Code of Ethical Business Conduct 
on our website. U. S. Steel does not intend to incorporate the contents of our website into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
U. S. Steel has an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of its securities by directors, 
officers and employees that is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and 
NYSE listing standards. The Insider Trading Policy is filed with this Form 10-K as Exhibit 19. 
Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Information required by this item is incorporated and made part hereof by reference to the material appearing under the headings 
“Director Compensation,” “Compensation & Organization Committee Report,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” 
“Executive Compensation Tables,” “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control” and “CEO Pay Ratio” in 
U. S. Steel’s Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED 
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
Equity Compensation Plan Information
Plan Category
(1) Number of securities
to be issued upon
exercise of outstanding
options, warrants and
rights
(2) Weighted-average
exercise price of
outstanding options,
warrants and rights
(3) Number of securities
remaining available for
future issuance under
equity compensation
plans excluding
securities reflected in
Column (1) (b)
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (a) 7,872,563 $28.60 4,084,130
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders(c) — (one for one) —
Total 7,872,563 — 4,084,130
(a) The numbers in columns (1) and (2) of this row contemplate all shares that could potentially be issued as a result of outstanding grants 
under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan and the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated as of December 31, 
2024. (For more information, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). Column (1) includes (i) 751,863 shares of common 
stock that could be issued for the Common Stock Units outstanding under the Deferred Compensation Program for Non-Employee Directors 
and (ii) 3,770,904 shares that could be issued for the 1,885,452 performance awards outstanding under the Long-Term Incentive 
Compensation Program (a program under the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated). The calculation in 
column (2) does not include the Common Stock Units since the weighted average exercise price for Common Stock Units is one for one; 
that is, one share of common stock will be given in exchange for each unit of such phantom stock accumulated through the date of the 
director’s retirement. Also, the calculation in column (2) does not include the performance awards since the shares issued for performance 
awards can range from zero for one to two for one; that is, performance awards may result in up to 3,770,904 of common stock being 
issued (two for one), or some lesser number of shares (including zero shares of common stock issued), depending upon the Corporation’s 
common stock performance versus that of a peer group of companies or the Corporation’s return on capital employed performance over a 
performance period.
(b) Represents shares available under the 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated.
(c) At December 31, 2024, U. S. Steel had no securities remaining for future issuance under equity compensation plans that had not been 
approved by security holders. Column (1) represents Common Stock Units that were issued pursuant to the Deferred Compensation Plan 
for Non-Employee Directors prior to its being amended to make it a program under the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan and 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated. The weighted average exercise price for Common Stock Units in column (2) is one 
for one; that is, one share of common stock will be given in exchange for each unit of phantom stock upon the director’s retirement from the 
Board of Directors. All future grants under this amended plan/program will count as shares issued under the 2016 Omnibus Incentive 
Compensation Plan, as amended and restated, a stockholder approved plan.
Other information required by this item is incorporated and made part hereof by reference to the material appearing under the 
headings “Stock Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers” and “Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners” in 
U. S. Steel’s Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
Information required by this item is incorporated and made part hereof by reference to the material appearing under the headings 
“Corporate Governance – Related Person Transactions Policy” and “Corporate Governance – Director Independence” in 
U. S. Steel’s Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
Information required by this item is incorporated and made part hereof by reference to the material appearing under the heading 
“Audit Fees” in U. S. Steel’s Proxy Statement for the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Table of Contents
119
--- PAGE 129 END ---
PART IV
Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE
A. Documents Filed as Part of the Report
1. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Financial Statements filed as part of this report are included in “Item 8 – Financial Statements and Supplementary 
Data”.
2. Financial Statement Schedules
See “Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves” for years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, 
and 2022. All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is contained 
in the applicable financial statements or notes thereto.
B. Exhibits
Exhibit No.
2. Plan of acquisition, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation or succession
(a) Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 18, 
2023, by and among the Company, Parent, Merger Sub 
and NSC (solely as provided in Section 9.13 therein).**
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to United States 
Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2023, 
Commission File Number 1-16811.
3. Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws
(a) Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of 
United States Steel Corporation, dated April 25, 2017
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to United States 
Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2017, 
Commission File Number 1-16811.
(b) Amended and Restated By-Laws of United States Steel 
Corporation, dated as of January 31, 2023.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to United States 
Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2023, 
Commission File Number 1-16811.
4. Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders, Including Indentures
(a) Indenture between United States Steel Corporation and 
The Bank of New York Mellon (f/k/a The Bank of New 
York), dated as of May 21, 2007.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to United States 
Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2007, 
Commission File Number 1-16811.
(b) First Supplemental Indenture between United States Steel 
Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon (f/k/a The 
Bank of New York), dated as of May 21, 2007.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to United States 
Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on May 22, 2007, 
Commission File Number 1-16811.
(c) Tenth Supplemental Indenture between United States Steel 
Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon, dated as of 
February 11, 2021.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to United States 
Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2021, 
Commission File Number 1-16811.
(d) Indenture by and between United States Steel Corporation 
and The Bank of New York Mellon, dated as of October 21, 
2019.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to United States 
Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2019, 
Commission File Number 1-16811.
(e) Indenture among Big River Steel LLC, BRS Finance Corp., 
BRS Intermediate Holdings LLC, each Guarantor that may 
become party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, 
dated as of September 18, 2020.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to United States 
Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on January 19, 2021, 
Commission File Number 1-16811.
(f) Description of Securities.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to United States 
Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on February 14, 2020, 
Commission File Number 1-16811.
Certain long-term debt instruments are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. U. S. Steel agrees to furnish to 
the Commission on request a copy of any instrument defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of U. S. Steel and of any 
subsidiary for which consolidated or unconsolidated financial statements are required to be filed.
Table of Contents
120
--- PAGE 130 END ---
10. Material Contracts
(a) Option Agreement by and between United States Steel 
Corporation and Stelco Inc., dated as of April 30, 2020. 
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on April 
30, 2020, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(b) Commitment Agreement by and among United States 
Steel Corporation, Banner Life Insurance Company, 
William Penn Life Insurance Company of New York and 
State Street Global Advisors Trust Company, dated 
November 8, 2021.**
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 11, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(c) Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated 
as of May 27, 2022, among United States Steel 
Corporation, the Subsidiary Guarantors from time to 
time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, the LC 
Issuing Banks party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A., as Administrative and Collateral Agent.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
June 3, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(d) Amendment No. 1 to Sixth Amended and Restated 
Credit Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2022, 
among United States Steel Corporation, the Subsidiary 
Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders 
party thereto, the LC Issuing Banks party thereto, and 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative and 
Collateral Agent.**
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 3, 2023, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(e) Third Amended and Restated Borrower Security 
Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022, between United 
States Steel Corporation and JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A., as Collateral Agent.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
June 3, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(f) Third Amended and Restated Subsidiary Security 
Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022, between the 
Subsidiary Guarantors and JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A., as Collateral Agent.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
June 3, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(g) Second Amended and Restated Borrower Canadian 
Security Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022, between 
United States Steel Corporation and JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A., as Collateral Agent.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
June 3, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(h) Agreement of Sale between United States Steel 
Corporation and The Industrial Development Board of 
the City of Hoover, dated as of October 1, 2019.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
October 28, 2019, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(i) Loan Agreement between United States Steel 
Corporation and the Allegheny County Industrial 
Development Authority, dated as of October 1, 2019.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
October 28, 2019, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(j) Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated 
December 22, 2022, among Exploratory Ventures, LLC, 
as Borrower, United States Steel Corporation, as Parent 
Guarantor, KFW IPEX-Bank GMBH, as Mandated Lead 
Arranger and ECA Structuring Bank, KFW IPEX-Bank 
GMBH, as Facility Agent and ECA Agent, and lenders 
party thereto from time to time.**
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
October 27, 2023, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(k) Agreement of Sale between United States Steel 
Corporation and The Industrial Development Board of 
the City of Hoover regarding $63,400,000 million 
6.375% Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, 
Series 2020 (United States Steel Corporation Project), 
dated as of November 1, 2020.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
November 24, 2020, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(l) Loan Agreement dated between United States Steel 
Corporation and the Indiana Finance Authority regarding 
$33,300,000 Indiana Finance Authority Environmental 
Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 2020A (United 
States Steel Corporation Project) and Indiana Finance 
Authority Environmental Improvement Revenue 
Refunding Bonds, Series 2020B (United States Steel 
Corporation Project), dated as of November 1, 2020.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
November 24, 2020, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(m) ABL Credit Agreement by and among Big River Steel 
LLC, BRS Intermediate Holdings LLC, Goldman Sachs 
Bank USA and each lender party thereto, dated as of 
August 23, 2017.**
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 11, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
Table of Contents
121
--- PAGE 131 END ---
(n) First Amendment to ABL Credit Agreement by and 
among Big River Steel LLC, BRS Intermediate Holdings 
LLC, Goldman Sachs Bank USA and each lender party 
thereto, dated as of September 10, 2020.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
January 19, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(o) Second Amendment to ABL Credit Agreement by and 
among Big River Steel LLC, BRS Intermediate Holdings 
LLC, Goldman Sachs Bank USA and each lender party 
thereto, dated as of July 23, 2021.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
July 30, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(p) Third Amendment to ABL Credit Agreement by and 
among Big River Steel LLC, BRS Intermediate Holdings 
LLC, Goldman Sachs Bank USA and each lender party 
thereto, dated as of December 19, 2022.**
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 3, 2023, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(q) Fourth Amendment to ABL Credit Agreement by and 
among BRS Intermediate Holdings LLC, Big River Steel 
LLC, BRS Finance Corp. and Goldman Sachs Bank 
USA and each lender party thereto, dated as of June 16, 
2023.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
July 28, 2023, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(r) Bond Financing Agreement between Arkansas 
Development Finance Authority and each of Big River 
Steel LLC, BRS Finance Corp. and BRS Intermediate 
Holdings LLC relating to $265 million Arkansas 
Development Finance Authority Industrial Development 
Revenue Bonds (Big River Steel Project), Tax-Exempt 
Series 2020 (Green Bonds), dated as of September 10, 
2020.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
January 19, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(s) Definitions Annex relating to Arkansas Development 
Finance Authority Industrial Development Revenue 
Bonds (Big River Steel Project), Tax-Exempt Series 
2020 (Green Bonds), dated as of September 10, 2020.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.2 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
January 19, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(t) Bond Financing Agreement  between Arkansas 
Development Finance Authority and each of Big River 
Steel LLC, BRS Finance Corp. and BRS Intermediate 
Holdings LLC relating to $487 million Arkansas 
Development Finance Authority Industrial Development 
Revenue Bonds (Big River Steel Project), Series 2019, 
dated as of May 31, 2019.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
January 19, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(u) Definitions Annex relating to Arkansas Development 
Finance Authority Industrial Development Revenue 
Bonds (Big River Steel Project), Series 2019, dated as 
of May 31, 2019.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3.2 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
January 19, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(v) Loan Agreement between Arkansas Development 
Finance Authority and each of United States Steel 
Corporation and Exploratory Ventures, LLC relating to 
$290,000,000 Arkansas Development Finance Authority 
Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds, Series 
2022 (United States Steel Corporation Project) (Green 
Bonds), dated as of September 1, 2022.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
October 28, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(w) EUR 300,000,000 Unsecured Sustainability Linked 
Revolving Credit Facility Agreement among U. S. Steel 
Košice, s.r.o., and ING Bank N.V., Komerèní banka, 
a.s., Slovenská sporiteľňa, a.s., UniCredit Bank Czech 
Republic and Slovakia , a.s., Československá 
Obchodná banka, a.s., and Citibank Europe plc, dated 
September 29, 2021.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
October 1, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(x) Supplemental Agreement No. 9 between U. S. Steel 
Košice, s.r.o. and ING Bank N.V., dated December 3, 
2021.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 11, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(y) First Supplemental Agreement, dated December 15, 
2022, between U. S. Steel Košice, s.r.o., and ING Bank 
N.V., as Facility Agent, relating to an up to EUR 
300,000,000 credit agreement dated September 29, 
2021.**
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 3, 2023, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(z) United States Steel Corporation 2005 Stock Incentive 
Plan, Amended and Restated Effective April 29, 2014.*
Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Definitive Proxy 
Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 14, 2014, 
Commission File Number 1-16811.
Table of Contents
122
--- PAGE 132 END ---
(aa) Form of Stock Option Grant under the Long-Term 
Incentive Compensation Program, a program under the 
United States Steel Corporation 2005 Stock Incentive 
Plan.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(x) to United 
States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on February 
27, 2007, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(bb) Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement under the Long-
Term Incentive Compensation Program, a program 
under the United States Steel Corporation 2005 Stock 
Incentive Plan.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to United 
States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on April 26, 
2011, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(cc) Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement 
under the Long-Term Incentive Compensation Program, 
a program under the United States Steel Corporation 
2005 Stock Incentive Plan.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to United 
States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 
2015, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(dd) Administrative Procedures for the Long-Term Incentive 
Compensation Program under the United States Steel 
Corporation 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended 
and Restated, and under the United States Steel 
Corporation Annual Incentive Compensation Plan, 
Effective February 22, 2016.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(kk) to United 
States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on February 
29, 2016, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(ee) United States Steel Corporation Deferred Compensation 
Program for Non-Employee Directors, a program under 
the 2005 Stock Incentive Plan, effective as of November 
29, 2005.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to United 
States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on February 
28, 2012, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(ff) United States Steel Corporation 2010 Annual Incentive 
Compensation Plan, Effective April 27, 2010.*
Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Definitive Proxy 
Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 12, 2010, 
Commission File Number 1-16811.
(gg) Administrative Procedures for the Executive 
Management Annual Incentive Compensation Program 
under the United States Steel Corporation 2010 Annual 
Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended November 
1, 2016.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to United 
States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
November 2, 2016, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(hh) United States Steel Corporation Supplemental Thrift 
Program, Amended and Restated Effective July 31, 
2013.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to United 
States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on October 
29, 2013, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(ii) United States Steel Corporation Supplemental Thrift 
Program, Amended and Restated Effective November 1, 
2016.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to United 
States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
November 2, 2016, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(jj) United States Steel Corporation Supplemental Thrift 
Program, Amended and Restated Effective January 1, 
2019.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
May 3, 2019, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(kk) United States Steel Corporation Non Tax-Qualified 
Retirement Account Program, Amended and Restated 
Effective November 13, 2013.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(dd) to United 
States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on February 
25, 2014, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(ll) United States Steel Corporation Non Tax-Qualified 
Retirement Account Program, Amended and Restated 
Effective January 1, 2016.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to United 
States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
November 2, 2016, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(mm) United States Steel Corporation Non Tax-Qualified 
Retirement Account Program, Amended and Restated 
Effective January 1, 2019.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
May 3, 2019, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(nn) United States Steel Corporation Non Tax-Qualified 
Pension Plan, Amended and Restated Effective 
December 31, 2015.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
August 21, 2015, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(oo) United States Steel Corporation Executive Management 
Supplemental Pension Program, Amended and 
Restated Effective December 31, 2015.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
August 21, 2015, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(pp) United States Steel Corporation Supplemental 
Retirement Account Program, Amended and Restated 
Effective January 1, 2016.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to United 
States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
November 4, 2015, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(qq) United States Steel Corporation Supplemental 
Retirement Account Program, Amended and Restated 
Effective January 1, 2019.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
May 3, 2019, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(rr) United States Steel Corporation Change in Control 
Severance Plan, Amended and Restated Effective July 
28, 2020*.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on July 
30, 2020, Commission File Number 1-16811.
Table of Contents
123
--- PAGE 133 END ---
(ss) United States Steel Corporation Executive Severance 
Plan, Effective December 14, 2021.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on 
December 20, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(tt) United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan, Effective April 26, 2016.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to United 
States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on April 27, 
2016, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(uu) First Amendment to United States Steel Corporation 
2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, Effective 
February 28, 2017.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 26, 2017, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(vv) United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan, Amended and Restated 
Effective April 28, 2020*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 8-K filed on May 
1, 2020, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(ww) United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan, Amended and Restated 
Effective April 27, 2021.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 30, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(xx) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan (Stock Option Grant).*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to United 
States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on July 27, 
2016, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(yy) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Share Award 
Grant Agreement (2021 Grants).*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 30, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(zz) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Cash Award 
Grant Agreement (2021 Grants).*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 30, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(aaa) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit 
Grant Agreement (2021 Grants).*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 30, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(bbb) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Retention Restricted 
Stock Unit Grant Agreement (2021 Grants).*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 30, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(ccc) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan TSR Performance Share 
Award Grant Agreement (2021 Grants).*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 30, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(ddd) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Share Award 
Grant Agreement (2021 SVP Performance Awards)* **
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 11, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(eee) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Share Award 
Grant Agreement (2021 CEO Performance Award)* **
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 11, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(fff) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Non-
Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement (2021 CEO 
PSO)* **
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 11, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(ggg) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Plan Performance Share Award Grant 
Agreement (ROCE Grant)*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 29, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(hhh) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Plan Performance Share Award Grant 
Agreement (TSR Grant)*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 29, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(iii) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Share Award 
Grant Agreement (2023 ROCE Grants).*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 28, 2023, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(jjj) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Share Award 
Grant Agreement (2023 TSR Grants).*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 28, 2023, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(kkk) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit 
Grant Agreement (2023 Annual Grants).*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 28, 2023, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(lll) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit 
Grant Agreement (2023 Retention Grants).*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 28, 2023, Commission File Number 1-16811.
Table of Contents
124
--- PAGE 134 END ---
(mmm) Administrative Procedures for the Executive 
Management Annual Incentive Compensation Plan 
under the United States Steel Corporation 2016 
Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, Effective 
February 28, 2023.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 28, 2023, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(nnn) United States Steel Corporation Deferred Compensation 
Program for Non-Employee Directors, a program under 
the United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Plan, effective as of July 26, 2016, as 
amended on October 30, 2018.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 15, 2019, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(ooo) United States Steel Corporation Deferred Compensation 
Program for Non-Employee Directors, a program under 
the United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Plan, effective as of July 26, 2016, as 
amended on October 28, 2019.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 14, 2020, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(ppp) United States Steel Corporation Deferred Compensation 
Program for Non-Employee Directors, a program under 
the United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan, Effective January 1, 
2022.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 11, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(qqq) United States Steel Corporation Non-Employee Director 
Stock Program of the 2016 Omnibus Incentive 
Compensation Plan, Effective November 1, 2019.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 14, 2020, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(rrr) United States Steel Corporation Non-Employee Director 
Compensation Policy, Effective as of January 1, 2022.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 11, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(sss) United States Steel Corporation Non-Employee Director 
Compensation Policy, Adopted as of December 14, 
2021, Amended as of December 15, 2022.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 28, 2023, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(ttt) Letter Agreement between Scott D. Buckiso and United 
States Steel Corporation, dated July 30, 2020.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 12, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(uuu) Separation Agreement and Release by and between 
Douglas R. Matthews and United States Steel 
Corporation, dated December 24, 2020.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 12, 2021, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(vvv) Special Transition Agreement and Release by and 
between Christine S. Breves and United States Steel 
Corporation, dated February 15, 2022.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
April 29, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(www) Form of Offer Letter to Jessica T. Graziano, dated June 
6, 2022.**
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
July 29, 2022, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(xxx) United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit 
Grant Agreement (Non-Employee Directors – Base 
Retainer)*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 2, 2024, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(yyy) United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit 
Grant Agreement (Non-Employee Directors – Chair 
Retainer)*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 2, 2024, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(zzz) United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Deferred Stock Unit Grant 
Agreement (Non-Employee Directors – Base Retainer)*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 2, 2024, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(aaaa) United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Deferred Stock Unit Grant 
Agreement (Non-Employee Directors – Chair Retainer)*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-K filed on 
February 2, 2024, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(bbbb) Administrative Procedures for the Executive 
Management Annual Incentive Compensation Plan 
under the United States Steel Corporation 2016 
Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, Effective 
February 27, 2024.*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
May 3, 2024, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(cccc) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Performance Share Award 
Grant Agreement (2024 ROCE Grants).*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
May 3, 2024, Commission File Number 1-16811.
Table of Contents
125
--- PAGE 135 END ---
(dddd) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit 
Grant Agreement (2024 Retention Grants).*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
May 3, 2024, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(eeee) Form of United States Steel Corporation 2016 Omnibus 
Incentive Compensation Plan Restricted Stock Unit 
Grant Agreement (2024 Annual Grants).*
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
May 3, 2024, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(ffff) Amendment No. 2 to the Sixth Amended and Restated 
Credit Agreement, dated May 3, 2024, by and among 
United States Steel Corporation, JPMorgan Chase 
Bank, N.A. and the other lenders party thereto.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
August 2, 2024, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(gggg) Second Supplement Agreement between U. S. Steel 
Kosice, S.R.O. and ING Bank N.V., dated May 3, 2024.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
August 2, 2024, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(hhhh) Supplemental Agreement No. 11 between U. S. Steel 
Kosice, S.R.O. and ING Bank N.V., dated May 3, 2024.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
August 2, 2024, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(iiii) First Amendment and Consent to Amended and 
Restated Credit Agreement, dated June 7, 2024, by and 
among Exploratory Ventures, LLC, United States Steel 
Corporation, KFW IPEX-Bank GMBH, and other lenders 
and parties thereto.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
August 2, 2024, Commission File Number 1-16811.
(jjjj) Supplemental Agreement No. 12 between U. S. Steel 
Košice, s.r.o. and ING Bank N.V., dated September 13, 
2024.
Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
United States Steel Corporation’s Form 10-Q filed on 
November 11, 2024, Commission File Number 1-16811.
Table of Contents
126
--- PAGE 136 END ---
19 United States Steel Corporation Insider Trading Policy, effective February 27, 2023.
21 List of Subsidiaries
23 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
24 Powers of Attorney
31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 302 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
31.2
Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 302 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.1
Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.2
Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
95
Mine Safety Disclosure required under Section 1503 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act
97
United States Steel Corporation Executive Officer Recoupment (Clawback) Policy, effective July 25, 2023.
101 The following financial information from United States Steel Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the year ended December 31, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) 
includes: (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive 
Income (Loss), (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and 
(v) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)
* Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
** Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Corporation hereby undertakes to furnish 
supplemental copies of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; provided, however, 
that the parties may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any document so furnished.
Table of Contents
127
--- PAGE 137 END ---
SCHEDULE II – VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024, 2023, AND 2022
(millions of dollars)
Additions Deductions
Description
Balance at
Beginning
of Period
Charged to
Costs and
Expenses
Charged
to Other
Accounts
Charged to
Costs and
Expenses
Charged
to Other
Accounts
Balance 
at End 
of Period
Year ended December 31, 2024:
Reserves deducted in the balance 
sheet from the assets to which they 
apply:
Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 38 $ 8 $ — $ — $ 20 $ 26 
Investments and long-term 
receivables reserve  3  —  —  —  —  3 
Deferred tax valuation 
allowance:
Domestic  98  5  —  —  —  103 
Foreign  3  43  —  —  —  46 
Year ended December 31, 2023:
Reserves deducted in the balance 
sheet from the assets to which they 
apply:
Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 38 $ 14 $ — $ — $ 14 $ 38 
Investments and long-term 
receivables reserve  4  —  —  —  1  3 
Deferred tax valuation 
allowance:
Domestic  116  —  —  18  —  98 
Foreign  3  —  —  —  —  3 
Year ended December 31, 2022:
Reserves deducted in the balance 
sheet from the assets to which they 
apply:
Allowance for doubtful accounts $ 44 $ 17 $ — $ — $ 23 $ 38 
Investments and long-term 
receivables reserve  4  —  —  —  —  4 
Deferred tax valuation 
allowance:
Domestic  159  18  —  61  —  116 
Foreign  3  —  —  —  —  3 
Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY
None.
Table of Contents
128
--- PAGE 138 END ---
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
Date: January 31, 2025
UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION
By: /s/ Manpreet S. Grewal
Manpreet S. Grewal
Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer
Signature Title
/s/ David B. Burritt President & Chief Executive Officer & Director
David B. Burritt (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Jessica T. Graziano Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Jessica T. Graziano (Principal Financial Officer)
/s/ Manpreet S. Grewal Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer
Manpreet S. Grewal (Principal Accounting Officer)
* Director
Tracy A. Atkinson
* Director
Andrea J. Ayers
* Director
Alicia J. Davis
* Director
Terry L. Dunlap
* Director
John J. Engel
* Director
John V. Faraci
* Director
Murry S. Gerber
* Director
Paul A. Mascarenas
* Director
Michael H. McGarry
* Board Chair
David S. Sutherland
* Director
Patricia A. Tracey
* BY: /s/ Manpreet S. Grewal
Manpreet S. Grewal
Attorney-in-Fact
Table of Contents
129
--- PAGE 139 END ---
GLOSSARY OF CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS
The following definitions apply to terms used in this document:
2026 Senior Convertible 
Notes Senior Convertible Notes due November 1, 2026
2053 ADFA Green Bonds Arkansas Development Finance Authority Environmental Improvement Revenue Bonds due 2053
401(k) plans defined contribution plans
ABL Asset-Based Loan
ACCCI American Coke and Coal Chemicals Institute
ACHD Allegheny County Health Department
AD antidumping
AD/CVD antidumping and countervailing duty
ADEM Alabama Department of Environmental Management
AHSS advanced high-strength steel
AI Artificial Intelligence
AISI American Iron and Steel Institute
AOCI Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
AOP Annual Operating Plan
ARO Asset Retirement Obligation
ARPA American Rescue Plan Act
ASC Accounting Standards Codification
ASU Accounting Standards Update
BART Best Available Retrofit Technology
BAT Best Available Technique
Big River Steel ABL Facility Big River Steel amended senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility
BOF Basic Oxygen Furnace Steelmaking
Big River 2 or BR2 Big River Steel 2
BRS Big River Steel
CAA Clean Air Act
CAFC U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit
CAFE Corporate Average Fuel Economy
CAMT corporate alternative minimum tax
CAMU Corrective Action Management Unit
CBAM carbon border adjustment mechanism
CDC Chrome Deposit Corporation
CERCLA Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
CFIUS the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States
CIO Chief Information Officer
CISO the Chief Information Security Officer
CISSP Certified Information Systems Security Professional
CIT U.S. Court of International Trade
Cliffs Cleveland-Cliffs Inc.
CMIP Corrective Measure Implementation Plan
CO2 carbon dioxide
CODM chief operating decision maker
COETF Coke Environmental Task Force
commodity purchase swaps financial swaps associated with purchases of natural gas, zinc, tin and electricity
CORE corrosion-resistant steel
COSO Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
cost cap
per capita dollar maximum the company is expected to pay per participant under the main U. S. 
Steel benefit plan
Credit Facility Agreement Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Facility Agreement
CSIRP Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan
CVD countervailing duties
CWA Clean Water Act
DAFW OSHA Days Away From Work
D.C. Circuit the United States Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit
DEI diversity equity and inclusion
DOC U.S. Department of Commerce
Table of Contents
130
--- PAGE 140 END ---
Double G Double G Coatings Company LLC
DR direct reduced
DRA DRA Global and Barr Engineering Co.
EAF Electric Arc Furnace
EBITDA earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
EC European Commission
ECA Export Credit Agreement
the “Effective Time” effective time of the Merger
EGU electric generating unit
EPS earnings per share
ERGs employee resource groups
ERISA Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
ERM Enterprise Risk Management
ERP enterprise resource planning
ERW electric resistance welded
ESG environmental, social and governance
ETS Emissions Trading System
EU European Union
EU ETS EU Emissions Trading System
EUA European Union Emission Allowances
EWPM electric-weld pipe mill
FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board
FIFO first in, first out
FIP Federal Implementation Plan
Fifth Credit Facility 
Agreement Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Facility Agreement
Flat-Rolled North American Flat-Rolled segment
foreign exchange forwards foreign exchange forward sales contracts
FX foreign exchange
GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
Gateway Gateway Energy and Coke Company LLC
GEN3 generation 3
GHG greenhouse gas
GLNPO Great Lakes National Program Office
Green Steels steels made with low greenhouse gas emissions intensity
HDC Hibbing Development Company
Hibbing Hibbing Taconite Company
IEPA Illinois Environmental Protection Agency
IRS Internal Revenue Service
ISO International Organization for Standardization
ITC U.S. International Trade Commission
JSW JSW Steel (USA) Inc. and JSW Steel USA Ohio, Inc.
JSW Defendants Nucor, U. S. Steel, AK Steel Holding Group and Cleveland-Cliffs Inc.
Keetac U. S. Steel’s iron ore operations at Keewatin, Minnesota
LIFO last in, first out
MACT Maximum Achievable Control Technology
Merger Sub 2023 Merger Subsidiary, Inc., a Delaware corp. and a wholly owned subsidiary of Purchaser
Midwest Midwest Plant
Minntac U. S. Steel’s iron ore operations at Mt. Iron, Minnesota
mmbtus One Million British Thermal Units
mnt thousand net tons
MPCA Minnesota Pollution Control Agency
NAAQS National Ambient Air Quality Standards
NAV net asset value
NESHAP National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants
NGO non-grain oriented
NIST the National Institute of Standards and Technology
non-GAAP Non-Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
Table of Contents
131
--- PAGE 141 END ---
NOV Notice of Violation
NOx nitrogen oxide
NPDES National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System
NSC Nippon Steel Corporation, a Japanese corporation
OCTG oil country tubular goods
OECD The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development
OEM original equipment manufacturer
OPEB Other Post-Employment Benefit
Order Administrative Order on Consent
Other Benefits defined benefit retiree health care and life insurance plans
Patriot Patriot Premium Threading Services, LLC
PBO Projected Benefit Obligation
PCAOB Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
PFAS Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances
PII Personally Identifiable Information
PM Particulate Matter
PPA Pension Protection Act of 2006
ppb parts per billion
PRO-TEC PRO-TEC Coating Company, U. S. Steel and Kobe Steel Ltd. joint venture
PRP potentially responsible party
PSU Performance-based restricted Stock Unit
Purchaser Nippon Steel North America, Inc., a New York corporation
RCRA Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
RICO Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations
ROCE Return On Capital Employed
RP Rehabilitation plan
RSU Restricted Stock Unit
S&P Standard & Poor’s
sales swaps financial swaps hot-rolled coil and iron ore pellet sales
SCF supply chain finance
SEC Securities and Exchange Commission
SIP State Implementation Plan
SO2 Sulfur dioxide
SPT Steelworkers Pension Trust
SSS site-specific standard
Stelco Stelco Inc., a subsidiary of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc.
sustainable steels steels made with low greenhouse gas emissions
SWMU Solid Waste Management Units
the 2005 Plan 2005 Stock Incentive Plan
the 2022 Labor Agreements collective bargaining agreements with United Steelworkers effective September 1, 2022
the Committee the Compensation & Organization Committee of the Board of Directors
the “Company” United States Steel Corporation and its subsidiaries
the Exchange Act the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
the “Insurers” Banner Life Insurance Company and William Penn Life Insurance Company of New York
the insurer Pacific Life Insurance Company
the “Merger” pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company
the “Merger Agreement”
On December 18, 2023, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with 
Nippon Steel North America, Inc.
the Minntac Mine iron ore mine located in Mt. Iron, Minnesota
the Omnibus Plan 2016 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated
USSK Credit Agreement USSK €150 million unsecured sustainability linked credit agreement
TRQ tariff rate quotas
Transtar Transtar LLC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries
TSR Total Shareholder Return
Tubular Tubular Products segment
Table of Contents
132
--- PAGE 142 END ---
U. S. Steel United States Steel Corporation
U.S. EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency
U.S. GAAP accounting standards generally accepted in the United States
U.S. Supreme Court the Supreme Court of the United States
UDEQ Utah Department of Environmental Quality
ug/m3 micrograms per cubic meter
UK United Kingdom
UPI USS-POSCO Industries
USSE U. S. Steel Europe segment
USSK U. S. Steel Košice
USSTP U. S. Steel Tubular Products LLC
USTR United States Trade Representative
USW
United Steel, Paper and Forestry, Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied Industrial and Service 
Workers International Union or United Steelworkers
USX United States Steel Corporation
VEBA trusts for retiree healthcare and life insurance
VERP voluntary early retirement program
welded seamless and electric resistance welded
WTO World Trade Organization
WQS water quality standard
Table of Contents
133
--- PAGE 143 END ---
United States Steel Corporation 
L 
Lawful and Ethical 
Conduct 
Insider Trading Policy
Page 1 of 6 ║  
Effective: June 6, 2014 ║ Revised: February 27, 2023 ║  
Policy Owner(s): Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer 
In this Policy, you will find: 
 Rules against Insider Trading
 Blackout and Pre-Clearance
Requirements
1. POLICY
U. S. Steel prohibits trading in or facilitating 
trading in the securities of U. S. Steel or any 
other publicly traded  company while in the 
possession of Material Nonpublic information 
obtained while employed by or in the service of 
U. S. Steel and/or its subsidiaries  (the 
“Corporation”). 
2. APPLICABILITY
Directors and Employees  of U. S. Steel or its 
subsidiaries (referred to as “Insiders”).  
Key Definitions 
“Beneficial Ownership” 
Means having investment power, including 
through a partnership, trust, or other entity, over 
securities. 
“Corporation Securities” 
Any Corporation equity security (including 
common stock, preferred stock, options and 
warrants), Corporation debt security (including 
bonds, asset-backed securities and commercial 
paper), or derivative security or other instrument 
relating to a security of the Corporation, 
regardless of by whom the instrument is issued 
(including exchange-
traded options, equity 
swaps, collar transactions and other synthetic 
securities). 
“Covered Person” 
Directors, Executive Officers, and all persons  
listed on Table A as subject to the quarterly 
blackout periods. 
“Executive Officer” 
Anyone the Board of Directors has designated an 
“officer” of U. S. Steel as defined by Section 16 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
“Material” Information 
Information a reasonable investor would 
consider important in deciding to purchase, sell 
or hold a security. Material information includes 
information that would reasonably be expected to 
affect the price of securities.  
Examples of material information include: 
 financial results;
 significant acquisitions or divestitures;
 significant product developments;
 changes in earnings or dividends;

projections of future results or other
guidance;
 new equity or debt offerings;
 stock repurchases;
 significant action by an enforcement or
regulatory authority;
 significant cybersecurity incidents; and
 changes in management.
“Nonpublic” Information 
Information that has not been disclosed to the 
public. Information should be considered 
“Nonpublic” until the close of business on the first 
trading day following the day when the 
information was disseminated widely to the 
general public (e.g., through press releases  or a 
filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”) filing). 
Key Resources 
 Pre-Clearance Request Form
Exhibit 19
--- PAGE 144 END ---
 
United States Steel Corporation 
L 
Lawful and Ethical 
Conduct 
Insider Trading Policy 
 
 
Page 2 of 6 ║  
Effective: June 6, 2014 ║ Revised: February 27, 2023 ║  
Policy Owner(s): Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer 
 
3. YOU MUST NOT 
a. Trade While in Possession of 
Material, Nonpublic Information 
You (as an “Insider”) must not  directly or 
indirectly trade in or transfer  Corporation 
Securities while you are in possession of 
Material Non-public information about the 
Corporation. 
You must not directly or indirectly (i.e., through 
other persons or entities) trade in or transfer 
securities of any  publicly traded company  
(including, for example, customers, suppliers, 
or joint venture partners)  based on Material, 
Nonpublic information you obtain in connection 
with your employment. 
If you leave the Corporation, and you possess 
Material, Nonpublic information, you must not 
trade in or transfer securities of any company  
affected by that information until th e 
information is publicly available or is no longer 
material. 
b. Allow Your Family to Trade on 
Material, Nonpublic Information 
You must not allow any  immediate family  
member (including any child, stepchild, 
grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, 
spouse, sibling, mother -in-law, father -in-law, 
son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or 
sister-in-law) who shares the same household 
with you to make any trade that you would be 
prohibited from making. 
c. Disclose Material, Nonpublic 
Information to Anyone who May Use 
it for Trading 
You must not disclose any Material, Nonpublic 
information to others who may use it to trade 
securities. Such disclosures are called  
“tipping” and are generally illegal. 
d. Give Trading Advice Based on 
Material, Nonpublic Information 
You must not directly or indirectly provide any 
advice or recommendations or express any 
opinions as to trading in securities on the basis 
of Material, Nonpublic information. 
e. Make Prohibited Transactions 
You must not make or authorize any of the 
following types of transactions: 
 Speculative Transactions –  Insiders are 
prohibited from buying or selling U. S. Steel 
options (other than options granted 
pursuant to U. S. Steel’s long- term 
incentive plans), including puts or calls. 
 Hedging Transactions  –  Insiders are 
strictly prohibited from hedging.  You may 
not purchase any financial instruments 
(including prepaid variable forward 
contracts, equity swaps, collars, and 
exchange funds) designed to “ hedge” or 
offset any decrease in the market value of  
any Corporation Securities you own. 
 Pledging Transactions  –  Directors, 
Executive Officers and  Covered Persons 
may not pledge any Corporation Securities 
as collateral for a loan, or hold Corporation 
stock in a margin account, which may be 
sold by the broker if the customer fails to 
meet a margin call. 
 Short Sales  –  You must not short 
Corporation Securities. A “short sale” is a 
sale of securities not owned by the seller 
or, if owned, not  delivered within twenty 
(20) days of the sale . Short sales may 
indicate that the seller expects the 
securities to decline in value. 
 Short Swing Transactions –  Directors and 
Executive Officers must comply with the 
reporting obligations and limitations on 
--- PAGE 145 END ---
 
United States Steel Corporation 
L 
Lawful and Ethical 
Conduct 
Insider Trading Policy 
 
 
Page 3 of 6 ║  
Effective: June 6, 2014 ║ Revised: February 27, 2023 ║  
Policy Owner(s): Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer 
 
short-swing transactions set forth in 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
4. YOU MUST 
a. Report Inadvertent Disclosures of 
Material, Nonpublic Information 
If you are involved in or aware of the accidental 
or improper disclosure of  Material, Nonpublic 
information regarding U.  S. Steel, its 
subsidiaries, or any of the Company’s 
customers, vendors, or contractors,  you must 
immediately report the disclosure to the 
General Counsel and Chief Ethics & 
Compliance Officer or making a report through 
the U.S. Steel Ethics and Safety Line. 
5. YOU MAY 
a. Make Trades While Not in 
Possession of Material, Nonpublic 
Information 
Unless prohibited under Section 3, you may be 
permitted to make trades in Corporation 
Securities, as set forth below. 
 Covered Persons: May not make trades 
during Blackout Periods but may make 
trades during Open Window periods.  (See 
Tables A & B below) 
 All Others may make trades. 
6. OTHER REQUIREMENTS 
a.  Blackout Periods & Pre-Approval 
Purchases, sales, transfers of Corporation 
Securities and related investment decisions by 
Covered P ersons are subject to “blackout 
periods” and pre-approval requirements.  If you 
are a Covered Person you must not purchase, 
sell or otherwise transfer, or make an 
investment decision related to Corporation 
Securities during a blackout period.   Table A, 
below, lists the applicable blackout periods. 
Any Covered Person who has a standing order 
with a broker to buy or sell Corporation  
Securities, such as a limit trading instruction, 
must cancel the order prior to the beginning of 
a blackout period (other than any  such order 
made pursuant to a 10b5-1 Plan). 
Directors and Executive Officers who retire or 
leave U. S. Steel during a blackout period 
agree to observe this policy until the end of the 
blackout period. 
Note: Directors, Executive Officers, and 
owners of 10% or more of U. S. Steel’s stock 
are subject to additional rules and restrictions 
for buying and selling Corporation stock 
pursuant to Section 16 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934.  This policy does not 
modify those requirements.  Anyone subject to 
Section 16 must contact the Legal department 
before engaging in any trades or transfers of 
Corporation Securities. 
b. Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
Covered Persons may enter into a trading plan 
compliant with the requirements of Rule 10b5-
1 under the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 
(a “10b5-1 Plan”).  A 10b5-1 Plan may not be 
adopted, amended or terminated  by a person 
who is in possession of material,  non-public 
information or  during a blackout period and 
may not be adopted or modified as part of a 
plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of 
Exchange Act Rule 10b-5 .  All 10b5-1 Plans, 
and all modifications or terminations of Rule 
10b5-1 plans,  must be pre-approved by  the 
Legal department. Any new plan or 
modification of an existing plan must meet the 
following conditions: 
 The plan must have a specified termination 
date: 
o For Directors and Executive Officers, 
the plan must terminate after  9- 18 
--- PAGE 146 END ---
United States Steel Corporation 
L 
Lawful and Ethical 
Conduct 
Insider Trading Policy
Page 4 of 6 ║  
Effective: June 6, 2014 ║ Revised: February 27, 2023 ║  
Policy Owner(s): Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer 
months (inclusive of the “cooling off” 
period); 
o For all other Covered Persons, the plan
must terminate after  6- 18 months
(inclusive of the “cooling off” period);
and,
 The plan must establish a minimum “cooling
off” period before the first transaction under
the plan may occur:
o For Directors and Executive Officers,
the first trade may not occur until  t he
later of (i) 90 days following adoption of
the plan  and (ii) 2 business days
following the Corporation’s filing of a
quarterly or annual report with the SEC
o For all other Covered Persons, the
cooling off period must be at least 30
days
 The plan must be accompanied by a written
representation certifying that the Covered
Person (i) is not aware of material nonpublic
information about the Co rporation or its
securities and (ii) is adopting or modifying
the plan in good faith and not as part of a
plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of
Exchange Act Rule 10b-5.
Amendment or termination of a 10b5- 1 plan 
must be reviewed and pre- approved by  the 
Legal department. Termination of a 10b5 -1 
Plan includes divesting ownership of 
Corporation Securities covered by an existing 
10b5-1 Plan, other than by the terms of the 
10b5-1 Plan.  Insiders who amend or terminate 
10b5-1 plans will be subject to the applicable 
“cooling off” period outlined above before 
additional transactions may occur under the 
amended plan. Insiders who terminate a 10b5-
1 plan must obtain pre-approval to enter into a 
new plan, and any new plan also would be 
subject to a new cooling off period.  
Covered Persons are prohibited from adopting 
more than one 10b5- 1 Plan for open market 
purchases or sales, other than: 
 to sell only enough securities as are
necessary to satisfy tax withholding
obligations arising exclusively from the
vesting of a compensatory award, such as
on the vesting and settlement of restricted
stock units (provided that the award holder
is not permitted to exercise control over the
timing of such sales), or
 if trading under the later-commencing 10b5-
1 Plan is not authorized to begin until after
all trades under the earlier -commencing
10b5-1 Plan are completed, expire without
execution, or are terminated early.  The first
trade under the later-commencing plan may
not be scheduled to occur until after the
cooling-off period applicable to the Covered
Person, commencing on the date of
termination of the earlier -adopted 10b5- 1
Plan.
Directors and Ex ecutive Officers may enter 
into a single 10b5 -1 Plan that consists of a 
series of separate contracts with different 
broker-dealers. 
In any 12 -month period, a Covered Person is 
limited to one “single- trade plan” — one 
designed to effect the open market purc hase 
or sale of the total amount of the securities 
subject to the plan as a single transaction. 
APPENDICES 
Forms 
• Pre-Clearance Request Form
Related Policies and Procedures 
• Protection of Confidential Information
--- PAGE 147 END ---
 
United States Steel Corporation 
L 
Lawful and Ethical 
Conduct 
Insider Trading Policy 
 
 
Page 5 of 6 ║  
Effective: June 6, 2014 ║ Revised: February 27, 2023 ║  
Policy Owner(s): Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer 
 
Table A: Blackout Periods 
Period 
Name Blackout Period Covered Persons 
Guidance 
Blackout 
Period 
From the sixth 
business day of the 
last month of each 
quarter (March, 
June, September, 
December) to close 
of business on the 
first trading day after 
the public release of 
earnings 
 Members of the Board of Directors 
 Executive Officers and their Administrative 
Assistants 
 Corporate Secretary 
 Global Financial Planning & Analysis department  
 Investor Relations department 
 Other individuals identified by Controller or the  
Legal department 
Earnings 
Blackout 
Period 
From the 15th day of 
the last month of the 
fiscal quarter to 
close of business on 
the first trading day 
after the public 
release of earnings 
 Vice Presidents 
 General Managers (and GM-level employees) 
 Legal Department: Deputy and Associate General 
Counsels  
 Strategy & Business Development: Director-level 
and manager-level employees  
 Financial Planning & Analysis: Director- and 
manager-level employees  
 Controller’s group employees (incl. plant 
controllers), involved in preparation of financial 
statements 
 Tax Department employees involved in preparation 
of financial statements 
 Other individuals identified by Controller or the 
Legal department 
Special 
Blackout 
Period 
As determined by 
General Counsel 
 All persons identified and notified by General 
Counsel or his or her designee 
 
  
--- PAGE 148 END ---
 
United States Steel Corporation 
L 
Lawful and Ethical 
Conduct 
Insider Trading Policy 
 
 
Page 6 of 6 ║  
Effective: June 6, 2014 ║ Revised: February 27, 2023 ║  
Policy Owner(s): Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer 
 
Table B: Transactions Permitted/Not Permitted  
During Open Window / Blackout Periods 
Transaction Open Window 
Period1 Blackout Period 
Open Market Purchase or Sale Permitted with 
prior approval Not Permitted 
Stock Option and SAR exercises (for stock and/or cash) Permitted with 
prior approval Not Permitted 
Stock for tax withholding in connection with SAR exercises or 
vesting of performance awards, restricted stock or restricted stock 
units 
Permitted 
(SAR exercise 
requires prior 
approval) 
Permitted (except 
in the case of SAR 
exercises) 
Any of the following transactions in the Corporation’s savings fund 
plan (401(k) plan): (a) an election to increase or decrease the 
percentage of periodic contributions that will be allocated to the 
Corporation stock fund, (b) an election to make an intra- plan 
transfer of an existing account balance into or out of the Corporation 
stock fund, (c) an election to borrow money against a 401(k) plan 
account if the loan will result in a liquidation of some or all of the 
Corporation stock fund balance and (d) an election to pre-pay a plan 
loan if the pre- payment will result in allocation of loan proceeds to 
the Corporation stock fund. 
Permitted with 
prior approval Not Permitted 
Change in standing instructions for regular monthly  purchases in 
Savings Fund Plan or Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
Permitted with 
prior approval Not Permitted 
Regular monthly purchases in Savings Fund Plan pursuant to 
standing instructions Permitted Permitted 
Regular reinvestment of dividends pursuant to standing instructions Permitted Permitted 
Entering, amending or terminating a 10b5-1 program Permitted with 
prior approval Not Permitted 
Pre-approved 10b5-1 transactions Permitted Permitted 
Hedging of securities Not Permitted Not Permitted 
Pledging of securities Not Permitted Not Permitted 
Transfer of securities by gift Permitted Not Permitted2 
 
 
1 All periods other than Blackout Periods. 
2 Does not include transfers by gift that would not result in a change in beneficial ownership, which are permitted.   
--- PAGE 149 END ---
Company Name Jurisdiction
Big River Steel International, Inc. Delaware
Chisholm Coal LLC Kentucky
Chrome Deposit Corporation Indiana
Compagnie de Gestion de Mifergui- Nimba, LTEE Delaware
Cygnus Mines Limited Canada
Double G Coatings, Inc. Delaware
Double G Coatings Company, L.P. Delaware
Essex Minerals Company New Jersey
Fairfield Primary Operations, LLC Texas
GCW/USS Energy, LLC Illinois
Grant Assurance Corporation Vermont
Kanawha Coal LLC West Virginia
Orinoco Mining Company Delaware
Perdido Land Development Co., Inc. Delaware
Pitcal Pipe, LLC Delaware
Preserve Village Developers, LLC Delaware
Stelco Holding Company Delaware
Ontario Coal Company Delaware
Ontario Eveleth Company Minnesota
Ontario Hibbing Company Minnesota
Hibbing Development Company Minnesota
Hibbing Taconite Company Minnesota
Stelco Coal Company Pennsylvania
Stelco Erie Corporation Delaware
Ontario Tilden Company Michigan
Swan Point Yacht & Country Club, Inc. Delaware
Timber Wolf Land, LLC Delaware
U. S. Steel China, LLC Delaware
U. S. Steel Holdco LLC Delaware
Big River Steel Holdings LLC Delaware
BRS Intermediate Holdings LLC Delaware
Big River Steel LLC Delaware
BRS Finance Corp Delaware
Exploratory Ventures, LLC Delaware
BRS Stock Holdco LLC Delaware
Big River Steel Corp Delaware
U. S. Steel Blocker LLC Delaware
U. S. Steel Holdings, Inc. Delaware
U. S. Steel Global Holdings I B.V. Netherlands
U. S. Steel Global Holdings VI B.V. Netherlands
U. S. Steel Košice, s.r.o. (USSK) Slovakia
Tubular s.r.o Slovakia
U. S. Steel Europe - France S.A. France
U.S. Steel Košice - SBS, s.r.o. Slovakia
U. S. Steel Europe - Germany GmbH Germany
U. S. Steel Global Holdings II, B.V. Netherlands
U. S. Steel Canada Limited Partnership Canada
U. S. Steel LRD Canada North Inc. Canada
U. S. Steel Mining Company, LLC Alabama
Exhibit 21
UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION
SUBSIDIARIES AND JOINT VENTURES AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024
--- PAGE 150 END ---
U. S. Steel Timber Company, LLC Alabama
U. S. Steel Tubular Products, LLC Delaware
Lone Star Steel Holdings, Inc. Delaware
Lone Star Steel Holdings II, Inc. Oklahoma
U. S. Steel Tubular Products Middle East DMCC Dubai, UAE
U. S. Steel Oilwell Services, LLC Delaware
Patriot Premium Threading Services, LLC Delaware
USS Construction Products, LLC Delaware
U. S. Steel Tubular Products Canada ULC Canada
Zinklahoma, Inc. Delaware
U. S. Steel Tubular Products Holdings, LLC Texas
U. S. Steel Seamless Tubular Operations, LLC Texas
Star Brazil US, LLC 2 Texas
Star Brazil US, LLC 1 Texas
Lone Star Brazil Holdings 1 Ltda. Brazil
UEC Technologies, LLC Pennsylvania
USX Engineers and Consultants Delaware
UEC Sail Information Technology, LTD. India
United States Steel International, Inc. New Jersey
United States Steel Export Company de Mexico,  S.R.L. de C.V. Mexico
United States Steel International de Mexico, S.R.L. de C. V. Mexico
USS Galvanizing, Inc. Delaware
PRO-TEC Coating Company, LLC Delaware
PRO-TEC Coating Company, Inc. Ohio
USS International Services, LLC Delaware
USS Lakeside, LLC Delaware
Chicago Lakeside Development, LLC Delaware
CLD Parcel 14 LLC Delaware
CLD Adjoining Residential Parcels LLC Delaware
USS Oilwell Supply Co., LTD. Delaware
USS Oilwell Tubular, Inc. Delaware
USS Portfolio Delaware, Inc. Delaware
USS Product Innovation Holdings, LLC Delaware
Advanced Commercial Building Technologies, LLC Delaware
Integrated Solar Roof, LLC Delaware
Steel X Manufacturing, LLC Delaware
Tech Home, LLC Delaware
Tech Home Alabama, LLC Delaware
USS Ventures, LLC Delaware
USS Ventures II, LLC Delaware
USS WSP, LLC Delaware
Worthington Specialty Processing Michigan
ProCoil Company, LLC Delaware
USS-UPI, LLC Delaware
USX International Sales Company, Inc. Barbados
Ventures RE Company I, LLC Delaware
Ventures RE Company II, LLC Delaware
Warrior & Gulf Navigation LLC Alabama
UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION
SUBSIDIARIES AND JOINT VENTURES AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024
--- PAGE 151 END ---
CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form   S-3 (Nos. 333-229714 and 333-262654) 
and Form S-8 (Nos.  333-271509, 333-271503, 333-261805, 333-255653, 333-237966, 333-237965, 333-237964, 333-237963, 
333-231216, 333-231215, 333-217464, and 333-210953) of United States Steel Corporation of our report dated January 31, 2025 
relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule  and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which 
appears in this Form 10-K.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
January 31, 2025
Exhibit 23
--- PAGE 152 END ---
POWER OF ATTORNEY
The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint Jessica T. Graziano and Manpreet S. Grewal or either one of 
them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact to sign and execute for me and on my behalf United States Steel Corporation’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any 
and all amendments to such report to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in such form as they or any one or more of them may approve, and to do any and all other 
acts which said attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or desirable to enable United States Steel Corporation to comply with said 
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 31st day of January, 2025.
/s/ David B. Burritt
David B. Burritt
--- PAGE 153 END ---
POWER OF ATTORNEY
The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Burritt, Jessica T. Graziano and  Manpreet S. Grewal 
or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact to sign and execute for me and on my behalf United States Steel 
Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, and any and all amendments to such report to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in such form as they or any one or more of them may approve, and to do any 
and all other acts which said attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or desirable to enable United States Steel Corporation to 
comply with said Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 31st day of January, 2025.
/s/ Tracy A. Atkinson
Tracy A. Atkinson
--- PAGE 154 END ---
POWER OF ATTORNEY
The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Burritt, Jessica T. Graziano and  Manpreet S. Grewal 
or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact to sign and execute for me and on my behalf United States Steel 
Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, and any and all amendments to such report to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in such form as they or any one or more of them may approve, and to do any 
and all other acts which said attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or desirable to enable United States Steel Corporation to 
comply with said Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 31st day of January, 2025.
/s/ Andrea J. Ayers
Andrea J. Ayers
--- PAGE 155 END ---
POWER OF ATTORNEY
The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Burritt, Jessica T. Graziano and  Manpreet S. Grewal 
or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact to sign and execute for me and on my behalf United States Steel 
Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, and any and all amendments to such report to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in such form as they or any one or more of them may approve, and to do any 
and all other acts which said attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or desirable to enable United States Steel Corporation to 
comply with said Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 31st day of January, 2025.
/s/ Alicia J. Davis
Alicia J. Davis
--- PAGE 156 END ---
POWER OF ATTORNEY
The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Burritt, Jessica T. Graziano and  Manpreet S. Grewal 
or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact to sign and execute for me and on my behalf United States Steel 
Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, and any and all amendments to such report to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in such form as they or any one or more of them may approve, and to do any 
and all other acts which said attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or desirable to enable United States Steel Corporation to 
comply with said Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 31st day of January, 2025.
/s/ Terry L. Dunlap
Terry L. Dunlap
--- PAGE 157 END ---
POWER OF ATTORNEY
The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Burritt, Jessica T. Graziano and  Manpreet S. Grewal 
or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact to sign and execute for me and on my behalf United States Steel 
Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, and any and all amendments to such report to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in such form as they or any one or more of them may approve, and to do any 
and all other acts which said attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or desirable to enable United States Steel Corporation to 
comply with said Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 31st day of January, 2025.
/s/ John J. Engel
John J. Engel
--- PAGE 158 END ---
POWER OF ATTORNEY
The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Burritt, Jessica T. Graziano and Manpreet S. Grewal 
or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact to sign and execute for me and on my behalf United States Steel 
Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, and any and all amendments to such report to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in such form as they or any one or more of them may approve, and to do any 
and all other acts which said attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or desirable to enable United States Steel Corporation to 
comply with said Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 31st day of January, 2025.
/s/ John V. Faraci
John V. Faraci
--- PAGE 159 END ---
POWER OF ATTORNEY
The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Burritt, Jessica T. Graziano and Manpreet S. Grewal 
or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact to sign and execute for me and on my behalf United States Steel 
Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, and any and all amendments to such report to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in such form as they or any one or more of them may approve, and to do any 
and all other acts which said attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or desirable to enable United States Steel Corporation to 
comply with said Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 31st day of January, 2025.
/s/ Murry S. Gerber
Murry S. Gerber
--- PAGE 160 END ---
POWER OF ATTORNEY
The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Burritt, Jessica T. Graziano and Manpreet S. Grewal 
or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact to sign and execute for me and on my behalf United States Steel 
Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, and any and all amendments to such report to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in such form as they or any one or more of them may approve, and to do any 
and all other acts which said attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or desirable to enable United States Steel Corporation to 
comply with said Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 31st day of January, 2025.
/s/ Paul A. Mascarenas
Paul A. Mascarenas
--- PAGE 161 END ---
POWER OF ATTORNEY
The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Burritt, Jessica T. Graziano and Manpreet S. Grewal 
or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact to sign and execute for me and on my behalf United States Steel 
Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, and any and all amendments to such report to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in such form as they or any one or more of them may approve, and to do any 
and all other acts which said attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or desirable to enable United States Steel Corporation to 
comply with said Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 31st day of January, 2025.
/s/ Michael H. McGarry
Michael H. McGarry
--- PAGE 162 END ---
POWER OF ATTORNEY
The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Burritt, Jessica T. Graziano and Manpreet S. Grewal 
or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact to sign and execute for me and on my behalf United States Steel 
Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, and any and all amendments to such report to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in such form as they or any one or more of them may approve, and to do any 
and all other acts which said attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or desirable to enable United States Steel Corporation to 
comply with said Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 31st day of January, 2025.
/s/ David S. Sutherland
David S. Sutherland
--- PAGE 163 END ---
POWER OF ATTORNEY
The undersigned does hereby make, constitute and appoint David B. Burritt, Jessica T. Graziano and Manpreet S. Grewal 
or any one of them, my true and lawful attorneys-in-fact to sign and execute for me and on my behalf United States Steel 
Corporation’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, and any and all amendments to such report to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in such form as they or any one or more of them may approve, and to do any 
and all other acts which said attorneys-in-fact may deem necessary or desirable to enable United States Steel Corporation to 
comply with said Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 31st day of January, 2025.
/s/ Patricia A. Tracey
Patricia A. Tracey
--- PAGE 164 END ---
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION
I, David B. Burritt, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of United States Steel Corporation;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material 
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, 
not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in 
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the 
periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and 
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as 
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be 
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its 
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in 
which this report is being prepared;
b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting 
to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles;
c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report 
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period 
covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred 
during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual 
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control 
over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over 
financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons 
performing the equivalent functions):
a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial 
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize 
and report financial information; and
b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role 
in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.
January 31, 2025 /s/ David B. Burritt
David B. Burritt
President and Chief Executive Officer
Exhibit 31.1
--- PAGE 165 END ---
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION
I, Jessica T. Graziano, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of United States Steel Corporation;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material 
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, 
not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in 
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the 
periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and 
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as 
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be 
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its 
consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in 
which this report is being prepared;
b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting 
to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial 
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles;
c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report 
our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period 
covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred 
during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual 
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control 
over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over 
financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons 
performing the equivalent functions):
a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial 
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize 
and report financial information; and
b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role 
in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting.
January 31, 2025 /s/ Jessica T. Graziano
Jessica T. Graziano
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Exhibit 31.2
--- PAGE 166 END ---
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
I, David B. Burritt, President and Chief Executive Officer of United States Steel Corporation, certify that:
(1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K of United States Steel Corporation for the period ending December 31, 2024, fully 
complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
(2) The information contained in the foregoing report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and 
results of operations of United States Steel Corporation.
/s/ David B. Burritt
David B. Burritt
President and Chief Executive Officer
January 31, 2025
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to 
United States Steel Corporation and will be retained by United States Steel Corporation and furnished to the Securities and 
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.
Exhibit 32.1
--- PAGE 167 END ---
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
I, Jessica T. Graziano, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of United States Steel Corporation, certify that:
(1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K of United States Steel Corporation for the period ending December 31, 2024, fully 
complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
(2) The information contained in the foregoing report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and 
results of operations of United States Steel Corporation.
/s/ Jessica T. Graziano
Jessica T. Graziano
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
January 31, 2025
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to 
United States Steel Corporation and will be retained by United States Steel Corporation and furnished to the Securities and 
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.
Exhibit 32.2
--- PAGE 168 END ---
United States Steel Corporation
Mine Safety Disclosure
(Unaudited)
Information for the twelve months ended December 31, 2024 follows:
Mine (Federal Mine  
Safety and
Health Administration
 (MSHA) ID)
Total # of
Significant 
&
Substantial
violations
under 
§104(a) (a)
Total # of
orders
under
§104(b) (a)
Total # of
unwarrantable
failure
citations and
orders under
§104(d) (a)
Total # of
violations
under
§110(b)(2) (a)
Total # of
orders
under
§107(a) (a)
Total dollar
value of
proposed
assessments
from
MSHA
Total # of
mining
related
fatalities
Received
Notice of
Pattern of
Violations
under
§104(e) (a)
(yes/no)?
Received Notice
of Potential to
have Pattern
under 
§104(e) (a) 
(yes/no)?
Total # of Legal
Actions Pending
with the Mine
Safety and
Health Review
Commission as
of Last Day of
Period (b)
Legal
Actions
Initiated
During
Period
Legal
Actions
Resolved
During
Period
Mt. Iron
(2100820, 2100282)  78 — — — — $1,768,920 — no no 155 364 261
Keewatin
(2103352)  11 — — — — $38,297 — no no — 1 1
(a) References to Section numbers are to sections of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977.
(b) Includes all legal actions pending before the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, together with the Administrative Law Judges thereof, for each of our iron ore operations. These 
actions may have been initiated in prior quarters. All but one of the legal actions were initiated by us to contest citations, orders or proposed assessments issued by the Federal Mine Safety and 
Health administrations. One legal action was initiated by an employee under Section 105(c) of the Mine Act. As of the last day of the period, all 155 legal actions were to contest citations and 
proposed assessments.
Exhibit 95
--- PAGE 169 END ---
United States Steel Corporation 
L 
Lawful and Ethical 
Conduct 
Executive Officer Recoupment 
(Clawback) Policy
Page 1 of 4 ║ Doc # 622546 v. 1 
Effective: July 25, 2023 ║ Version: 2023.1 
Policy Owner(s): Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer 
1. POLICY
This Policy sets forth the terms on which 
U . S. Steel (the “Corporation”) may recoup 
compensation erroneously awarded  to its 
Executive Officers (as defined below) . This 
Policy is intended to comply with Section 10D 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (the “Exchange Act”) , and Section 
303A.14 of the New York Stock Exchange 
(“NYSE”) Listed Company Manual and shall be 
interpreted accordingly. 
2. KEY DEFINITIONS
“Executive Officer” 
Anyone the Board of Directors has designated an 
“officer” of U. S. Steel as defined in rules adopted 
under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
“erroneously awarded incentive compensation” 
The amount of incentive -based compensation 
received by an Executive Officer during the 
relevant period which exceeds the amount the 
Executive Officer would have received had the 
amount been determined following the applicable 
accounting restatement. 
“financial reporting measures” 
Measures that are determined and presented in 
accordance with the accounting principles used 
in preparing the C orporation’s financial 
statements, and any measures that are derived 
wholly or in part from such measures. Stock price 
and total shareholder return are considered 
financial reporting measures. 
"incentive-based compensation" 
Any compensation that is granted, earned or 
vested based wholly or in part upon the 
attainment of a financial reporting measure. 
“received” 
Incentive-based compensation is deemed 
received in the Corporation’s fiscal period during 
which the financial reporting measure specified 
in the incentive -based compensation award is 
attained, even if the payment or grant of the 
incentive-based compensation occurs after the 
end of that period. 
3. MANDATORY RECOUPMENT
Effective beginning on October 2, 2023, 
U. S. Steel shall recoup reasonably promptly 
the amount of erroneously awarded incentive 
compensation in the event that the Corporation 
is required to prepare an accounting 
restatement due to  (1) the material 
noncompliance of the Corporation with any 
financial reporting requirement under the 
securities laws, including any required 
accounting restatement to correct an error in 
previously issued financial statement s that is 
material to the previ ously issued financial 
statements, or  (2) that would result in a 
material misstatement if the error were 
corrected in the current period or left 
uncorrected in the current period. 
a. Scope of Mandatory Recoupment
This Section 3 shall apply to all incentive-
based compensation received by a person: 
1. After beginning service as an Executive
Officer;
2. Who served as an Executive Officer at any
time during the performance period for that
incentive-based compensation;
3. While the Corporatio n has a class of
securities listed on a national securities
exchange or a national securities
association; and
4. During the three completed fiscal years
immediately preceding the date that the
Corporation is required to prepare an
accounting restatement as described in the
Exhibit 97
--- PAGE 170 END ---
 
United States Steel Corporation 
L 
Lawful and Ethical 
Conduct 
Executive Officer Recoupment 
(Clawback) Policy 
 
 
Page 2 of 4 ║ Doc # 622546 v. 1 
Effective: July 25, 2023 ║ Version: 2023.1 
Policy Owner(s): Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer 
first paragraph of this Section 3. The 
Corporation’s obligation to recover 
erroneously awarded  incentive 
compensation is not dependent on if or 
when the restated financial statements are 
filed. 
b. Date of Accounting Restatement 
The date that the Corporation is required to 
prepare an accounting restatement as 
described in the first paragraph of this 
Section 3 is the earlier to occur of: 
1. The date on which the Board of Directors 
(the “Board”), a committee thereof , or the 
Corporation’s officer(s) authorized to take 
such action if Board action is not required, 
concludes, or reasonably should have 
concluded, that the Corporation is required 
to prepare an accounting restatement as 
described in the first paragraph of this 
Section 3; and 
2. The date a court, regulator or other legally 
authorized body directs the Corporation to 
prepare an accounting restatement as 
described in the first paragraph of this 
Section 3. 
c. Amount Subject to Mandatory 
Recoupment 
The amount of incentive-based compensation 
subject to mandatory recoupment under this 
Section 3  is the amount of incentive -based 
compensation received that exceeds the 
amount of incentive-based compensation that 
otherwise would have been received had it 
been determined based on the restated 
amounts, and shall be computed without 
regard to any taxes paid. For incentive -based 
compensation based on stock price or total 
shareholder return, where the amount of 
erroneously awarded incentive compensation 
is not subject to mathematical recalculation 
directly from the information in an accounting 
restatement: 
1. The amount shall be based on a 
reasonable estimate of the effect of the 
accounting restatement on the stock price 
or total shareholder return upon which the 
incentive based compensation was 
received; and  
2. The C orporation shall maintain 
documentation of the determination of that 
reasonable estimate and provide such 
documentation to the NYSE. 
d. Impracticability of Recoupment 
The Corporation shall recover erroneously 
awarded incentive compensation in 
compliance with this Section 3 except to the 
extent that the conditions of clauses (1), (2) or 
(3) below are met, and the Compensation & 
Organization Committee (the “Committee”) (or 
in the absence thereof, a majority of the 
independent directors serving on the Board) 
has made a determination that recovery would 
be impracticable. 
1. The direct expense paid to a third party to 
assist in enforcing this Section 3  would 
exceed the amount to be recovered. Before 
concluding that it would be impracticable to 
recover any amount of erroneously 
awarded incentive compensation based on 
expense of enforcement, the Corporation 
shall make a reasonable attempt to recover 
such erroneously awarded  incentive 
compensation, document such reasonable 
attempt(s) to recover, and provide that 
documentation to the NYSE. 
2. Recovery would violate home country law 
where that law was adopted prior to 
November 28, 2022. Before concluding 
that it  would be impracticable to recover 
any amount of erroneously awarded  
incentive compensation based on violation 
of home country law, the Corporation shall 
--- PAGE 171 END ---
 
United States Steel Corporation 
L 
Lawful and Ethical 
Conduct 
Executive Officer Recoupment 
(Clawback) Policy 
 
 
Page 3 of 4 ║ Doc # 622546 v. 1 
Effective: July 25, 2023 ║ Version: 2023.1 
Policy Owner(s): Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer 
obtain an opinion of home country counsel, 
acceptable to the NYSE, that recovery 
would result in such a violation, and shall 
provide such opinion to the NYSE. 
3. Recovery would likely cause an otherwise 
tax-qualified retirement plan, under which 
benefits are broadly available to 
employees of the Corporation, to fail to 
meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 
401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and 
regulations thereunder. 
4. OPTIONAL RECOUPMENT 
The Board may seek the recovery of 
compensation delivered to any Executive 
Officer: 
1. Whose intentional acts, or failures to act, 
are responsible in whole, or in part, for the 
material restatement of the Corporation’s 
publicly filed financial results due to fraud 
or misconduct, including gross negligence, 
on the part of such executive; or 
2. Who knowingly, intentionally, or recklessly 
engaged in serious misconduct, or failed to 
supervise a subordinate employee who 
engaged in serious misconduct which the 
executive officer knew, or was reckless in 
not knowing, was occurring, and such 
misconduct resulted in a material violation 
of law or the Code of Ethical Business 
Conduct that caused significant financial or 
reputational harm to the Corporation. 
The Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
will evaluate all facts and circumstances that 
the Board co nsiders relevant and shall take 
such actions as it deems to be in the best 
interests of the Corporation and its 
stockholders. 
a. Amount Subject to Optional 
Recoupment 
If the Board determines that recoupment of 
compensation is warranted, the Board may 
take app ropriate action, including, but not 
limited to, the following: 
1. For the period restated or affected by the 
restatement or during which the serious 
misconduct occurred, demand repayment, 
or effect the cancellation, of some or all of 
the following: 
➢ Any bonus,  or incentive -based 
compensation, received or 
awarded for the period to the extent 
that the amount of the bonus, or 
incentive-based compensation that 
would have been awarded to the 
Executive Officer had the financial 
results have been properly reported 
or the misconduct had been known 
would have been lower than the 
amount actually awarded; 
➢ Any gains realized as a result of 
exercising an option during, or 
awarded for performance during, 
the period; 
➢ Any gains realized as a result of the 
vesting or payment of long -term 
incentives during, or awarded for 
performance during, the period; 
and/or 
➢ Any equity compensation awarded 
during, or based upon performance 
for, the period; and/or 
2. Reduce future compensation or forfeit or 
cancel unvested awards as a mea ns to 
recover the amount the Board determines 
should be recouped. 
--- PAGE 172 END ---
 
United States Steel Corporation 
L 
Lawful and Ethical 
Conduct 
Executive Officer Recoupment 
(Clawback) Policy 
 
 
Page 4 of 4 ║ Doc # 622546 v. 1 
Effective: July 25, 2023 ║ Version: 2023.1 
Policy Owner(s): Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer 
5. ADMINISTRATION 
This Policy shall be administered and 
interpreted by the Committee in accordance 
with Section 303A.14 of the NYSE Listed 
Company Manual, Section 10D of the 
Exchange Act and other applicable Federal 
securities laws and regulations. Except as 
limited by applicable law, and subject to the 
provisions of this Policy, the Committee shall 
have full power, authority and sole and 
exclusive discretion to construe, interpret and 
administer this Policy, and to delegate its 
authority pursuant to this Policy. In addition, 
the Committee shall have full and exclusive 
power to adopt such rules, regulations and 
guidelines for carrying out this Policy and to 
amend this Policy, in each case, as i t may 
deem necessary or proper. 
a. Method of Recovery 
The Committee shall determine, in its sole and 
exclusive discretion, the method or methods 
for recovering any compensation, which 
methods need not be the same, or applied in 
the same manner, to each Execut ive Officer; 
provided that, in the case of recoupment  of 
erroneously awarded incentive compensation  
pursuant to Section 3, any such method shall 
provide for reasonably prompt recovery and 
otherwise comply with the requirements of the 
NYSE. 
b. Decisions Binding 
In making any determination or in taking or not 
taking any action under this Policy, the 
Committee may obtain and rely on the advice 
of experts, including employees of, and 
professional advisors to, the Corporation. Any 
action taken by, or inaction of, t he Committee 
or its delegates relating to or pursuant to this 
Policy that are taken or made in good faith shall 
be within the absolute discretion of the 
Committee or its delegates. Such action or 
inaction of the Committee or its delegates shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Corporation 
and any current or former Executive Officer 
affected by such action or inaction. 
c. Prohibition on Indemnification 
The Corporation shall not indemnify any 
current or former Executive Officer against the 
loss of erroneously aw arded incentive 
compensation. 
d. Disclosure 
The Corporation shall file all disclosures with 
respect to this Policy in accordance with the 
requirements of applicable Federal securities 
laws, including the disclosure required by the 
applicable rules of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. 
e. Policy Not Exclusive 
Any right of recovery under this Policy is in 
addition to, and not in lieu of, any other 
remedies or rights of recovery, recoupment, 
forfeiture or offset that may be available to the 
Corporation pursuant to the terms of any other 
applicable U. S. Steel policy, compensation or 
benefit plan, agreement or arrangement or 
other agreement or applicable law; provided, 
however, that the Corporation shall not be 
entitled to recovery of the same compensation 
more than once. 
--- PAGE 173 END ---
